T=25:00: went to bed again, slept for about 8 hours.  Woke up feeling completely normal, but not depressed or anxious or worried about the future or my career or society anymore.  Realized that much of society and one's own environment and assumptions are arbitrary and malleable.  Reflected on a comment by Steve Jobs about Bill Gates: 'He'd be a broader guy if he had dropped acid once or gone off to an ashram when he was younger.'  Saw billionaires as still just nodes in the network distribution like us, just in different places in society, having gotten there on their own respective paths and courses through life.  I've met a few.  If I made it, I decided, I would be a philanthropist; if I didn't, I was content to watch the world turn with my friends.  Resolved to live life more focused on other people and experiences and intellectual contributions, and less focused on the narrow game of accumulating ever more money and buying larger properties to show off, less focused on rigid notions of career success or failure.  Above a certain point it doesn't even matter anymore.  Shredded the suicide note I had printed on my desk a few days earlier when I thought I could no longer live up to my own expectations; I had been obsessed with the idea of fitting into a pattern of career development and progression and felt that I was stalling out, that I couldn't go on anymore.  I remembered that some of the wealthiest and most famous people I knew had been poor and obscure at 35, and that fundamentally life need not be focused on money or fame anyway.  That staying in touch with other interesting people was far more important.  And I had been so arrogant in so many ways.  But now that seemed like just one of many possible former lives.  I wasn't depressed anymore.  LSD helped me see that my perspective and assumptions were merely one of an uncountably infinite set of possibilities and that I needn't be bound to my former self.  That it was better to begin a new life than end one that seemed to be going off the rails laid out for it.  LSD may well have saved my life.
