Arriving at the woods I looked down at the floor which was now the sky, brambles sprouted forth and I took care to balance on the brambles not falling through into the sky. I looked up and saw a flower in a spot light, but brambles grew and got in the way. I cut through the brambles with my hands, picked up the flower. In an attempt to find the demons I cut through the trees infront of me. Disintergrating them with my hands and the flower. I'm not fully aware if they were there or not but I presume they werent as how would I chop them down with a flower. Oh well not too much of this makes sense anyway. I finally came in contact with the demons then. They had dark eyes and big grins with sharp teeth. There were three of them at this point and they grew bigger and bigger, I was going to kill them, but they drew power from my fear and would have overwhelmed me if it was not formy mater turning me around. He was pranging at this point and rightly so. We were two teenagers in a wood on acid at 4 in the morning. As we walked through the wood we looked down and to our amazement felt something out of the ordinary beneeth us, and looking down we realised the actuality of the fact we were currently balancing on dead bodies floating in a giant river of blood! We edged along it holding onto eachother carefull not to fall in. My mate said ' (my name) are these dead bodies in a river of blood' I reasurred him about this. We couldnt believe that we both just experienced this. We found a park and decided to have a walk and try and suss out what on earth had just happened. There were now thousands of demons but they cud only stay in the shadows and the moonlight  meant this was a very constricting factor indeed. I was very lucky as otherwise I would have been swarmed completely and probably would not have been here to even tell the story as I now what happens to people that recieve trauma on acid. They are left in a paralell world forever. And seeing as this wasnt the prettiest state of mind  in the world I probably would have killed myself fairly shortly after. After assessing the situation we decided to walk back to my mates house.
