Probably the worse thing about this latest War on Drugs is that it is at best, a hypocritical witch-hunt based on misinformation and one sided propaganda. It is against information, and informed-formation. It would crush those who would excercise their legal rights in the name of the law. It would put the Law over the Individual, a corrupt and unjust law. It demands uniformity of posture and mind, rather than unity in diversity. The Drug Warriors assume Judgment as their own, rather than taking stock in tolerance and freedom. As with the Amercian flag, the symbol has become far more important than that which it represnts. And this is a mistake, a grave and fatal error plagueing democracy --- that the citizenry will be 'taken care of', and then controlled. Legislation can never produce moral change, or anything like meaningful growth. Only personal exerience can teach the lessons of life; laws cannot make one good regardless of number, severity, or penalty. Heaven must be something like a self-governed anarchy, with no laws carved in stone, except 'to thine own self be true', and 'do unto others as you would have them do unto you'. Tolerance IS necessary for growth, laws should be to protect the responsible from the animal-people, not to restrict free movement of freewill citizens. Intolerance is indicative of narrowness, and prejudice. Ignorance and prejudice stand in the way of growth, they are unbecoming of those who would learn, and learn to know. (german: kennenlernen) One day perhaps we will pass out of the era of negative, forbidding laws to a system of positive, helpful laws, the Law of Love. When you love every other person as you can love yourself, and when you seek to do good to them and to do good for them, you will see that this is the best rule to run your life by. Laws (rules of behavior or patterns of response) are every persons duty to legislate for himself. Make the real rules for yourself; find your own moral code and live by it, and be true to yourself. If you find yourself fully self-accountable, you need not fear the trials or the scrutiny of tyranny. A truly self-assured soul need not fear worldly troubles, for the citadel of the spirit is ever unassailable. Drugs or not, find yourself and be yourself, and be yourself fully and unwaveringly, certain of the Truth you increasingly live.
