I kept walking and this acid was coming on rather slow and I just kept walking singing to myself. And finally I was texting luke and said that I wasnt feeling the intensity of the doses as I expected, I wasnt feeling the threshhold and that I had no music. He shuddered at the fact I had no music and suggested going back. At this point I was at the end of the trail and was about 3 miles from home. I told him I was bummed and that I should have saved Lucy for later that night and meditated. He said not to be mad and just enjoy the trip. I agreed and kept walking back. Eventually I began to chant Om(inhale) Ah(hold the breath) Hum(exhale) to calm myself because I was somewhat of becoming anxious that I had wasted Lucy. I eventually found a different place by the water next to the remanints of fires. I sat down in a cross legged position and began chanting, om ah hum yet again and closed my eyes. Lucy was taking me to her threshold at this point and I saw waves of particles under my eyelids, waves of the water washing in and out over the rocks that were in front of me but that I could not see having my eyes closed. I continued meditating fro about 15 minutes until luke texted me again and I got up and began walking back. I was back at the beggining of the trail this time. And I as I was walking I looked at the plants next to me and realized that I came to be the same way they did. I realized I am everything because I have come to be the same way everything else has. I was the trees, the plants, the sky, the water, the birds, the squirrels. I also realized I saw all the stages of life laid out in front of me. I passed a baby, a toddler with its mother and father. I passed a young couple in love, and middle age couple in love. An older middle aged man pushing an elderly man in a wheelchair. I saw the order that my life will come in and I saw everything I am. I am everything and I always will be. I walked home smoking cigarettes and smiling at the sun. I went home made myself dinner spent time with my family. Sat in the grass near a fresh patch of mushrooms in the dying sunlight. I felt the best I ever will. I was real and I knew I was. I was everything and knew I was. I will be everything and knew I will be. This was without a doubt the most spiritual and knowledge gaining trip I have experienced so far as Lucy being my ally. Thank you Dr. Hofmann, may you rest in peace and may your spirit soar.
