5 or 6 of us packed into my car, and I took shotgun and let one of my friends drive. It's a somewhat powerful (above average, at least) car, and while we were on our way, at one point, I told my friend to gun it in second - and was immediately brought back to the first test drive, the first time I got to experience just how fun that car could be, sitting shotgun because I couldn't even drive stick back then. I also remembered a bit of woods on the north side of campus that I wanted to smoke in at some point that day, and made a mental note of that. We made it to the hill, which I thought was fairly cool. I had wanted to make it up there anyway, because I had always been a bit of a radio geek, and tower farms have always interested me. I really enjoyed walking up the hill, and thought about both the time the last year, my senior year of high school, on our senior trip to the Poconos, and how strikingly similar an experience it was - this sort of end-of-year experience that wasn't all the way at the end of the year, etc. I also thought about how I had never truly appreciated hikes like this with my family. We looked out on the landscape, which was beautiful, but it was hard for me to put into place exactly where everything I was looking at was. It was interesting seeing how still most of the landscape was, and then seeing the highway around the city, and all the streets, totally full of motion, like little ants scurrying around. I thought about what it's like to be in one of those cars, and what it's like to look out and see the whole picture (again, like the logarithms from before). I thought about the fact that I could see this tower farm from my window in my dorm, and tried to find campus, but couldn't figure exactly where it was. We took a look at the sunset, but couldn't get a great view, since it wasn't on the right side of the hill to get a good overlook. My friend who drove did take the opportunity to take some great pictures with the light shining through the woods, and got what is still one of my favorite pictures of me (fortunately, I can show it to people, because you really can't tell what I was on). We chilled up there until the sun went down a bit, and then headed back (the mosquitos weren't as strong as they'd be in a few weeks, but there were some bothering us). We drove back, this time I sat in the back, and I thought about how satisfying it was that the sunset wasn't a satisfying cutoff, I thought about what it was like being in the back of my parent's car as a kid, not knowing the way (although I did have to give directions a few times), and so on.
