I took half a pill, waited about 40 minutes, and popped the 2nd half. I really felt nothing the first 40 minutes. I could tell ~something~ was coming on, but I didn't know what to expect, so I just popped the second half. I stood at the edge of the dance floor, drinking water and waiting for the drug to kick in. The first thing that hit me was the music. I just ~had~ to dance to it. While I was still a little unsure, I waited until the effects of the drug conquered my anxiety and I went to the dance floor and danced, danced, danced. I didn't need to be with friends - the music and I, and the dancers around me, were flooding me. I had a big grin on my face. I began dancing next to a very cute girl who appeared to be rolling, but I didn't know how to approach her. We were right next to each other, looking at each other, but I was afraid to respond. If I was NOT on X, I would have approached her - I'm not shy at all when it comes to talking with the opposite sex. But I didn't know what to do. Do you talk to people on X? How does this work?? This was the one thing I missed on my first experience - I didn't know how to react with the others who were rolling (who were easy to pick out, once I was rolling too). Now I know that people on X seem to be in their own special, friendly group. I laughed happily when I realized I finally understood what the deal was with the glow-sticks -- the lights were so vivid, so amazing! I would stand and just watch people play with their lights. I then noticed other 'rollers' who were touching and caressing each other. I really wanted to do this this with someone, but resolved to just rub my fingers together. I finally ran into 2 friends of mine by chance who were rolling as well, so I spent the rest of the night with them. But they were a couple, and after a few hours I let them go do their own thing -- I still just could not resist the urge to dance, dance, dance. I went home when the club closed, had no problems falling asleep, and the next day I felt tired, but fine. I think the pill was a little weak, which was good for my first time alone. The experience was great -- the feelings were so vibrant, I was one with the music. But I knew to truly experience X, you had to be with friends. About a month later, I had my 2nd experience, which was TOO MUCH and borderline dangerous, but still an incredible ride...
