T+1:00 – I started to close my eyes, to see colors speeding through every possible shape and complex pattern imaginable, and if I closed my eyes closed long enough I would feel such an extreme euphoria and an ecstatic feeling, both physical and emotional, would start to build so strongly until my vocal chords started buzzing and I wanted to scream in ecstasy, which would have weirded out the guys there, so I would open my eyes and see everything clearly, see what I truly felt about each object… see it’s essence. I would look at someone or something and decide if it was “Right”, which was represented by a dazzling green arrow pointing upwards filling my visions, and “Wrong”, the opposite happening. At this point time loses all meaning. I am eternity. The guys realize I’m tripping and start freaking out, telling me to stop it or they will tell C. This thought terrifies me and I huddle in a ball, but manage to force myself back to reality, fearing the consequences of disobeying. Reality is far away still but I manage to pretend. One guy is more experienced, but still a novice tripper, and tells them all to chill out and let me rest alone with N. N is there with me and the rest of them go out to smoke some more. They are all on their 4th or so hit, and all have a high tolerance. I go lie down on the couch and close my eyes, letting myself float away on the joy. I have lost the pure ecstasy of the colors but I feel so warm and comfortable, as if I’m wrapped in a heated, vibrating wool blanket. There is no pain, which is rare for me… I decide to think of heaven and am taken there… White light and a golden kingdom in the clouds. I decided that I truly wanted a God to exist but couldn’t believe it. I got up and decided standing was good, so I looked around when an antique model pirate ship jumped out at me… I walked over to it and stood staring at it for some time, then closed my eyes. I was on the ship, on a dark stormy sea calling out orders. I could feel the rain, smell the sea, hear the howl of the wind, living lifetimes in a moment. I opened my eyes in shock and fear, so I turned around and sat in the center of the floor. N started waggling his fingers at me, which frightened me and made me look away. When I looked back up he faked throwing a football at me. I was terrified and went into a little huddle and nearly cried and would have screamed if I could. I got up and he threw the ball at me. I didn’t even flinch, I just let it hit me in the arm and picked it back up, going through a radical change in thought. I stared at him, hating his very essence, baring my teeth and growling. I heard footsteps coming from the stairs and rushed back to my original seat trying very hard to act normal. They asked if I was alright and told me I had to go soon, and that it was.
