Oh my gosh, my legs felt like they were decomposing into putty. I felt like I was protected from everything in that jacket. Anyways, we started the stoner cycle again packing more bowls and taking more hits. Eventually, the jacket felt wet. I asked F why his jacket was so wet, he replied with “It’s not. Dude you’re f@#ked up.” “Am I?” M: “Yeah dude.” As soon as he finished that sentence, I closed my eyes, opened them, and everything was weird; just different. My depth perception was zero and everything looked so very flat. I started feeling pressure in waves down my body, over and over again. It literally felt like someone was pushing the skin against my face. I was literally smacked. It seemed like it hurt but it actually didn’t. It was just so different I had no other way to explain it to them. This was the point where I started freaking out in my head. The panic set in. I wanted it to stop so badly. I would have done anything to make that wonderful feeling go away. I didn’t understand it. I said nothing. I was nothing. I broke my silence. “What have I done? I’m never doing this again.” M: “You say that but….” Me: “How the hell are you reading my thoughts!?” M: “You said that out loud.” I felt dumb. I was feeling everything and nothing at the same time. M tried to explain to me that this will be the best smoke ill ever have. He was soooo right. I have smoked WAY more than I did that day but nothing will ever compare to it. I whispered, “I couldn’t give 3 f@#ks about 4 f@#ks.” M: “Jared, you’re a f@#king crack head.” In my head, “Insane in the membrane, insane in the brain…” is played on a constant loop. I was having irrational thoughts. Then as soon as I would have them, I would get sidetracked and forget what I was thinking about. At one point I stood up, ran around my friend’s grandma’s car, and laid on the hood. “Dude not the car!” Me: “Whoops.” I stood back up, closed my eyes, and opened them back up. Some how I managed to wind up with my face on the lawn chair. This was a safety safe for me, where I laid for what I thought was an hour but was actually 2 minutes according to M as I asked him later. I asked Fernando where the bathroom was even though I had been to his house before, I just couldn’t remember. “Just go out back.” It’s f#$king freezing man, isn’t there a bathroom I can use in the house?” I stumbled out the door before he could even answer. This was one of the crazier parts of the night. I was still having those “pain waves” and they were becoming more intense as the smoking continued. I whipped my junk out, and peed. Suddenly the waves of pressure surged to my member; it made my pee very interesting. As I went back inside I tripped through the door and almost banged my head against a metal bucket. I laid there. M asks me if I’m alright. I reply, “I’m gonna just chill here for a bit if you guys don’t mind.” 
