I was staying the night at N and J's house so I wouldnt have to worry about going home to get caught which helped me calm down a bit. As we entered A's house the bright lights of his basement was somehow relaxing to see. If I could explain how my vision was just then I would call it being in a kind of relaxing, trance, dazing feeling. The lights where somehow bright but also somehow not very bothering to me it was just very confusing. As we started talking and entering A's room I found that once someone would bring up a conversation with me, I couldnt quit talking but after I was done talking I would recap in my head what I said and it was very descriptive if I can describe it. For example, it was very easy to build off an idea or come up with a thorough answrer or remark to what the other person said to me. Sometimes I would think about what I said and it didnt even make sense. Coming in the house had aso brought down my paranoid thinking. And for around what I thought was 2 hours I had been in this trance of talking babble and relaxing numbness. After some hours the effects were waring down and I was sowly coming back to the real world. 'Coming Down' as I was told it was called by E. We were listening to Lil Whyte's -Oxyconttin when A pulled out around a dub more of weed and a glass pipe that was very small.(I never really knew where the bong we used was or what happend to it. I think they kept it in the shed). The pipe was better for what A wanted to do next anyway. A's plan was to use the rest up out side the basement door. The front door led to the top story of the house and once downstairs I  you just had to walk across the room to another door that led outside to where the vehices were parked. I wont go through details about all that went on but to keep up to date, R went home about half an hour before this and E wasnt going to smoke anymore. So only me, J, N, and A were going to smoke from A's pipe. Again skipping through the details, I got quite a few more hits.One I remember not holding it in long enough. Thats when I finally thought about the hunger taking over my stoned body. From the very first time of entering the shed to right now(around 3 hours later) hunger hadn't been a priority.This to this day is very puzzling to me because since then I have smoked much more pot and am always getting the munchies very shorlty into my high. Anyways fastforeward the future about 20 minutes we (me, J, and N) were getting dropped off at there house by E and I gueass I fell asleep in the car.  [Erowid Note: 
