I could feel my own body around my with such precision.  It felt incredibly good just to flex my muscles, I felt in control and powerful.  The ultimate energy source was right in front of me, I could take all I desired, I could do anything and beat anybody at anything.  I began to draw thirsty once more and kindly asked for a drink.  I spoke so fast that my friends looked puzzled, they all knew I was feeling it.  While waiting for the water I noted a change, my vision was now becoming slower, it was pulsing less and I began to feel light headed.  Some random sitting next to me said an E he had taken made him feel like blacking out, glad that someone understood this was exactly how I felt,  I could feel the blood boiling inside of me and my vision drew fainter and fainter.  I thought of was going to black out for a second, but somehow I knew I would not.  I got my vision back but in a different way, it was like being incredibly drunk but still having the reflexes, it was a good feeling.  I felt myself buzzing, my legs were bouncing, my friends tried to restrain my legs but failed, nothing was stopping them.  Now I was experiencing a buzzing sensation, I was full of energy and I could do anything.  As I finished off my drink I saw water as the lifeline of everything, almost as if light surrounded it.   Water was giving me unlimited energy,  it was the most precious substance on earth.  Out of the corner of my eye i spotted the pool, I felt like drinking from it,  I was very thirsty.  I had to stand up, I could no longer hold in all this energy, it was bursting out of me.  My body started moving and bopping without my input, I felt like I could grab a handful of energy and run home if I needed to, my body would have no problems keeping up.  I could not sit down from now on.  My friends were preparing to leave, Chad’s parents were taking us down in two cars to Scarboriugh, the local popular beach hangout.   My friend pulled me into one of the cars while I clenched my fists and grounding my teeth repetitively.  I could not stop,  I had to be doing something.  I was just happy,  it didn’t matter what was going on.  In the car I could not stop fidgeting,  I was spinning myself out just looking out the window.  I was packed in a car with some of the best friends I will ever have, at that moment I could not have been happier. 
