I had some really crazy visuals, the most noticeable being when I looked at people's faces. While watching someone talking their face would kind of morph, and get larger and smaller. Their expression would also constantly change. This was quite amusing.  At this point both of us were tripping quite hard, and nearing 'peak'. We were laying on the ground, and just having a good time. At this point, one of my trip-sitters decided that he 'had to try it' after watching how much fun we were having. I kept telling him no, but he didn't listen. He went to the kitchen and grabbed a hit, then threw the money at me a bit later. A bit later I found out that EVERY person in my house had done the same thing! They all wanted to try it, so they took a hit without my approval. At this point I started panicking. They were treating this drug that they had never researched before like it was something small like weed or alcohol. Tim even claimed it was 'no big deal, and it's just a drug you chill out with your friends with'. Oh how wrong he was. I was starting to freak out. Thoughts were racing through my head, I kept thinking 'I'm losing control here' and kept thinking how terrible it was that we had no trip sitter to keep anyone under control. Then I started freaking out about the fact that it was my house, and that if anything got broken, my parents would kill me. From this point on, I could not enjoy the trip. I was panicking, and beginning to sweat. Everyone was tripping, and there wasn't a single sober person at my house. People were all over my house, doing god knows what, and I was really not enjoying myself. I became very hot, so I decided to go outside to cool off. We went up on the pool deck outside my house. Everyone else came with me. I kept asking them who hadn't taken it, but I kept being assured by everyone that each person there had taken it. This just made me freak out more. Tim tried to calm me down, which worked for a little bit. We laid there for a little bit reminiscing about the classic scene in 'The Pirates of Silicon Valley' where Steve Jobs takes LSD. We discussed it for awhile, and talked about how amazing it was that 'they made all those computers'. This doesn't make any sense to me as I'm typing it, but at the time, we all thought it made perfect sense. The pool deck had an amazing unique feel to it, as did anything else I touched, and my vision was filled with colors.
