T+5.30-	I’m back on the streets of London with T and S, and I see from afar, all the people who are standing by their cars whispering to each other, one by one, from all the way at the bottom of the road, creating multiple chains of whispers getting closer to S, T and me. Whenever someone was whispered to, they would become completely enlightened and smiles would return to their faces and they would sit down and stop worrying about their deaths and just wait for it to happen. There are fireworks shooting into the sky everywhere and the flames are still there. I see the chains of whispers getting closer and closer from various different roads and then I realise that they are all going to meet simultaneously at one spot in the crossroads- where I am standing. So I will be the last one to be whispered to. I then see all of my friends who were still back at my friend’s flat, and they’re all standing talking to me, saying “It really is all you, man. It really is all you.” I then realised that I was the only person who could prevent the apocalypse, and I had to give every ounce of strength and love within me into fighting against the world ending.  S whispers to T, and then T grabs me with a massive grin on his face and is about to shout something but then suddenly there’s a guy in the road who runs up to me and shoots me in the head. I fall to the floor, watching my brains and blood pour out onto the pavement next to me. I’m lying there, and I realise I’m about to die, and then T turns to me and says “You know what death is man? Imagine the best orgasm you’ve ever had, times it by a million, and you’re still nowhere near.” I then experienced basically exactly what he described. I felt an immense rush of euphoria/ nostalgia/ understanding/ enlightenment… fuck knows what. It was incredible. At this point I “come to”, in other words become lucid, as in back in the real world, for just a few minutes. I open my eyes and see a tree on the side of the street above me and the leaves are crawling and seeping everywhere.  I’m sprawled out on the floor of the street and there’s a cigarette between my fingers, just lit. I smoke it and turn to T and say “That’s all life is man. It’s just a fucking cigarette. You fire it up, smoke it down to the butt, then stub it out and flick it down the drain.” I then started laughing hysterically and went back into my trip, I was gone again.
