It was about 3am at this point, the hallucinations began to wear off and I didn’t want to stop tripping. I took another tab and wandered around the house where I met the first friend I tripped with. I told him I took another tab and he said “Uh oh”. I got kind of angry at this and asked why did he said that. He said “Well tomorrow, you’re going to be tripping really hard and no one else will be...”. “Wanker” I thought to myself. “He doesn’t know a fucking thing about LSD, this is his first time doing it. Doesn’t he know that since I didn’t take 2 at the same time I won’t trip THAT hard? Fuck him”. Then I explained to him that I’ll trip in the same way I just did and I’ll be fine. He said “Oh, ok. You’re more experienced with drugs so I’ll take your word”. I calmed down and went upstairs alone to think for myself. I sat down on a friends bed and felt “normal”. Emotionless, I guess. I heard a loud buzzing noise out of nowhere. Then I heard my friends talking, even though everyone was downstairs. Within seconds I felt like everything was caving in on me and evil faces began to appear everywhere. Amongst a bundle of clothes, on an ipod, etc. I ran downstairs back to my friends and sat in silence with them thinking “You’re only happy (can you even say you are?) because you’re with friends. In a few hours most of them are going home and you’ll be alone. You’ll have to go back to your house with your lame housemates and you’re going to freak the fuck out. Oh, and your girlfriend hates you.” I saw evil faces in all objects and began to feel really nervous, until my tripping friend said “Hey, I’m going for a walk. Space seems like it’d be awesome to look at!” I felt happier and comfier, I felt like I could talk to him one on one and I’d be safer. When we went outside, he told me “I’m gonna go get F (our other tripping friend), one sec)”. I told myself, standing outside in the grass completely alone in the dark at 4am, “You’re alone now. Fight your fears” and just like that I felt completely good about myself. To brighten it even more, my friend told me he wanted to take another tab and would buy the last tab off me! I felt great. Now I had money for some grub during the week AND another partner to trip with for the next few hours. Bad trip phase was really over. 
