I step into the shower/bath combo. The water is very hot and steamy, but comfortable. It really got my trip going more, the walls of the shower were developing small app. Half inch size tiles which were then morphing into hexagons and swirling. I felt extremely euphoric, but also a little unnerving. I figured since I had the opportunity, I will masturbate to see what sex feel slike on acid. There was a wierd auditory effect which made it seem like every sound was at the same pitch, so people would be able to hear the slight tapping sound over the roaring over the water. This was more challenging to bypass, because the feeling kept following me all night, in which I purposely tried to keep my speaking and noise making to a minimun to reduce the chance of seeing someone and having to act sober around them. During the deed, I noticed touch almost felt like numbness, but not like dxm in which it actually was numbness, but like normal sense is replaced with this oversense of everything thats there. Like I could feel my skin, and my skin within my skin. Impossible to describe, but it was a very great feeling. Definetly made masturbation over the top amazing. During the 'peak experience'(not Leary's peak experience lmao) if felt like I lost reality. I fell to my knees in the shower because I was no longer in existence and didnt know how to control my body because everything was a big swirl for a single moment. I came out of it as quick as I went in but it felt like forever at the time. Imediately after my mind dwindled on whether people in my house would hear that and be like,'Wtf did this kid just slip or something?' During part of the shower I started thinking about my father. After feeling depressed for what seemed like a long time but was probably only a few minutes, I came to realize that what happened had only brought us closer. I can't explain it but everything bad that happened had changed us both for the better. This gave me the feeling that I had lifted a tremendous weight off my shoulders.
