T=5:00: Things took a sharp turn for the worse again.  And this was a pattern on this trip.  I wouldn't even call it a 'bad trip', any more than I would call a tense movie a 'sad movie' simply for having sad or frightening parts in it.  There were overwhelmingly happy and illuminating parts as well.  But this was a frightening one.  I suddenly saw myself as this network.  And the sun began to rise.  As it rose the visual trails became more intense again and the visions stopped.  I tried to remember my work again to check where I was on the trip, but I couldn't seem to remember how to write code at all.  I forgot my name.  I looked at my arms and saw caveman arms.  I was momentarily horrified.  The sentences suddenly went through my mind 'You thought cocaine was something, didn't want to try it again?  That was nothing.  This stuff can mess you up in more ways and on more levels than you can even fathom.'  I thought of 'sheet eaters' who had taken too much LSD and gotten stuck in permanent recurring trips.  'Sometimes you just trip out for no reason; I tell myself that it was just a free trip and I should try to appreciate it.'  Absolute horror.  The temporal distortions made it somehow worse, the notion that I could be trapped here for years subjectively in the span of minutes, that I had somehow modified my own means of perceiving the world and that it was impossible to turn back time and undo any damage that might have resulted.  I had a sudden thought of my own internal neural network, with the LSD suddenly jostling layers out of alignment, like the sharp-edged misaligned visual trails and notion of displaced 'shards of consciousness' but at higher and more conceptual levels of my cortical networks.  I remembered an article about git that I had read that had alluded to a complex process called an interactive rebase, and something about 'so you misplaced these commits midway into a DMT trip; at least git will still track them for you'.  This was LSD and I had never taken DMT; a friend said it had been incredibly powerful and he wondered if it had somehow damaged him.  I wondered the same about myself now.  I wondered whether whenever I thought about my current software project I would spiral into an unprompted trip, whether I had somehow woven or welded some of my real-world experiences to this inner world of perceptual distortions and recursive insanity.  Had I really need to start this experience with 5 tabs?  Periodic spikes of anxiety about different aspects of my life came back as well.  I suddenly rushed to the bathroom and threw away all of my remaining supplies of various drugs.  I decided I was never doing this again and desperately hoped that I hadn't damaged myself in some enduring way.  And that regardless I was at least no longer depressed per se, ironically, and needed to live a healthier lifestyle.
