T0.00- Sitting in my room in the dark (hoping to not damage the LSD), I take out my little drug box from the bottom drawer of my dresser, where I keep all drug related items. I set the box on my computer desk and open it to see a few little empty baggies, a small plastic case containing about a gram of 99.8% pure molly, and one bag containing a small piece of tin foil containing small paper squares. I take out the blotters from the bag and foil and set them on my desk. I pick one up and stare at it for a while, thinking about what to expect. I had very little expectations at all, for the entire week since the last experience I couldn't tell if I even had felt anything on tuesday night. I have to note that I had extreme fear at this time. I was seriously pushing myself to eat the blotters. I had much excitement to take them, but I was also very afraid of the outcome. I had no idea what to expect from taking twice the dose I had taken last time, and just under the dosage that was popular in the 60s. I put the blotters on my tounge and immediately notice a stronge bitter taste, which I was warned to avoid. I almost instantly spit out the now clump of wet paper due to panic that it might be ridiculously strong or contain some sort of other substance, but instead I take one of the blotters out of the clump and rip it in half. I watch the ripped piece of wet blotter sitting on my computer desk. I think about whether I am wasting the half of blotter or not by letting it sit in air while the LSD is dissolved in my saliva, and I throw it back in my mouth. I told myself at this point there is no going back, that blotter was already in the situation. After the blotters are officially being chewed and sucked on, I turn my light on and pop call of duty  Modern Warfare 2 in my xbox 360 to pass time while I wait for it to come on. The time is app. 8:30pm. I swallowed the papers about 15 minutes into chewing them. I spent the next hour paying little attention to the online matches I was playing and alot of attention on whether I would be ridiculously fucked up or not. I was really worried, being New Years Eve, that one of my family members, particulary my mother, would walk in on me laying on my bed staring at my ceiling and talking to myself with huge pupils. 
