12am to 2am: The trip has finally hit with full fledged force. Lights are waterfalls, dripping onto the ground around me like glow fluid. The ceiling fan is moving clockwise, but stops and shifts counterclockwise. My covers no longer feel like they are on my body. I feel the warm sensation of being curled up in my bed but it almost feels as if I am levitating in a warm magnetic field. Sounds are extremely distinguishable. I can no longer just hear sounds, but I can distinguish frequencies and wavelengths of different tones. The sounds have a reverb that echoes multiple times for about a minute after they happen. My walls are starting to become transparent. My mind knows my house so well that it is projecting what is on the other side of the walls, making it basically see through. Behind the wall that by bed faces; on the other side is my shower. The wall no longer exists and I can see straight to my shower. Shadows are playing tag. The clock is projecting dim light making shadows of the bedside lights and other objects such as drawers. They are all shifting around and moving from wall to wall. Light tracers have become more than tracers. If I stare at my clock for a few seconds, I can look in a dark corner and still see the time, as bright as if I were staring directly at the clock again. My laptop light has a dim light (MacBook) that fades on and off as an indicator that it still has battery. It's no longer fading. The light is a constant white. If I take my phone screen, I can move it side to side and up and down and paint my entire vision white. It slowly fades away from where I first started to where I stopped, almost like a domino pattern. My perception of time is completely gone. My body and mind both feel like they are stretching in between multiple dimensions. I feel completely drugged (probably due to the large dose of anxiety medicine). I can feel the air. Not like when you are on a beach and feel a breeze, but I can cup my hand and feel a presence of gas. I'm no longer in a normal world. 
