The visuals were still intense and throughout my whole time on the computer it was very intense. I felt like I was inside the monitor at some point and others I just watched everything on the desk float. I made my way here with little trouble. I’ve been a computer nut since I was 11 years old. I went to my post where I asked earlier around the time I originally dropped for people to send me some good vibes. On the screen I read a post that I hadn’t previously read before dosing saying “It’s been a long time coming. You know what to do.” It’s like exactly what I had been thinking. That I had no clue what I was supposed to be doing. I had totally forgotten the purpose of my journey and why I was gazing into the astral plane.  I have so much respect and appreciation for everybody who helped me out throughout that thread especially in the beginning. Everybody was throwing short and compact hard hitting good spirited punches at me. I will never underestimate the value of words even on a computer screen ever again in my life. Where I was at that point in time I was clinging on those words. I will also never forget what those guys did for me. They may not realize it but they truly helped set me in a good place. I have much love for them and I feel a much deeper connection with that forum then I previously had.   Sitting with my face close to the monitor I felt like I had a connection with each and every one of them. It was absolutely beautiful. I could honestly feel their good intentions and felt like I was making a connection with their spirit through their words and avatar. It was like I have known all of them my whole life and they understood me and where I was at that point. I became very calm at this point. This is when I could not connect to the forums. I had just started to feel better and I felt like something very demonic was keeping me away from the love I was feeling while here. While here I felt as if all of the negativity in my body was being purged with the help of the vibes I was receiving.
