Before this feeling happened of extreme well being and love though it is important to mention that the music itself slowed waaaay down and began to vibrate intensely. This vibration and what seemed to be a slowing down of time manifested something; the musical vibrations themselves seemed to manifest visuals…and I felt like my friend who was tripping saw it and felt it too and we were both speechless just listening to the sounds of the music because it was so vibrational and touching. I’m not sure what my Russian friend was doing at the time but probably something in the kitchen. He kept getting in confrontations with his mother and doing random things. Anyways these visuals that somehow only seemed to exist through the vibrations of the song (the chorus of the song to be specific) these visuals seemed to be predominately green with a small amount of blue and an even smaller amount of red. Maybe some faint yellows? I remember it was mostly green though. It was almost like all those colors combined and became a new blended iridescent color combination. This vibratory color field then appeared to look like..holy shit an entity…Literally a fucking hyperdimensional entity like those reportedly seen on DMT and powerful doses of tryptamines. I was so surprised/confused because I thought things like this were only possible on DMT and ridiculously high doses of Mushrooms and Ayahuasca but not a ..synthetic chemical like LSD…well I have gone much farther on mushrooms than on LSD and I still have never had an experience quite like this. This was a real explicit encounter.  And to think that at the beginning of this night I never even thought real LSD even existed let alone that I would be faced with angelic beauty and fucking entity contact that very night while peaking off pure LSD and listening to the Beatles. Well that song has certainly never been the same for either of us since that night to say the least. We even played it multiple times on our next LSD trip to pull us out of a certain gloomy situation. Didn’t really work, just made us more emotional but whatever lol that’s another story.
