The word Kaleidoscope is the only was I can explain what I was seeing with my eyes closed, I was seeing perfect colors and shapes. We then decided to walk towards the river and it was surreal what it looked like the water looked like it was flowing in all directions the sunset behind it made it look even more crazy. This is where my trip began to get dark. I noticed my friends companion looking restless in a way like she wanted to be with my friend alone, I just got this vibe from her and it made me feel weird. We decided to walk back into society and I kept noticing her emotions that she maybe felt like I was a burden and wanted to be alone with my friend and it made me feel unwanted to be around them. I kept manifesting on this thought and it was making my trip difficult. The acid by now made me feel weird like I wanted to get away from them I just stayed quite following them. We stopped at friends highschool and sat at the grass field I remember looking at the field and it seemed like the entire field was waving like water. I still had crazy close eyed visuals. I had these dark thoughts of feeling unwanted by the people around me I tried to use my phone to arrange a Uber but I couldn't understand how to use my phone and this was really frustrating. Finally I just told my friend I wanted to leave and I felt really uneasy by this I wanted to hangout with my friend because I thought this might be the last time for a few months I'd see him. We started walking back to his house where I finally managed to arrange a Uber. I stayed quite still and my phone notified me my ride was here and I just got up and left without saying a word I had this feeling that I wanted to get away from them. My friend came to me and asked if I was alright I said yeah and left in the Uber tripping hard. I couldn't really talk and respond to the question the Uber driver asked me. I was thinking about to many things at once I opened my phone to text my friend to explain why I acted in such a way but I couldn't understand how to use my phone so I gave up on that. Sitting in this Uber I kept spacing out lost in my thoughts and emotions. I felt really out of it I noticed I kept moving around in the back seat and had this weird thought that maybe the Uber driver felt uncomfortable about how I was acting. I tried to sit still and act normal thinking about my every move to make sure I wasn't doing anything weird. I tried to untangle my headphones and failed at that I just couldn't I forget how to use my hands my coordination was all over the place haha. I looked out the window and felt like the driver missed my street and this freaked me out I had this weird thought that he was gonna drive me to the police station because of how odd I was acting. Finally I remembered where I was and we were coming up on my street. Finally I got home and went inside I remember how weird it was trying to open my door with my keys.
