So, we got back to the dorm, stood outside and smoked a cigarette.  Then Shuana and I started talking to each other.  We stood directly in front of one another and just focused on each other's eyes, and everything and everyone around us just disappeared.  Shauna kept telling me that one of the guy's mom's was coming to visit and that she was mad at us.  I was trying to talk her out of it as I began to believe it myself.  So, we went inside and up to the guy's room.  I sat down on one bed on the one side of the room and Shauna laid down on the other bed  across the room and I discovered that inside the mirror across the room it was snowing.  Shauna didn't believe me, and her face twisted and contorted until it was this evil, demonic face and her voice changed into a deep, growling voice as she told me that she didn't believe me and that I was lying to her.  One of the guys sat down on the edge of the bed and she put her one arm up over his shoulder, so all I could see was him grasping her hand hanging over his shoulder.  I thought that he had hurt her, so I started crying and telling her to take her hand off of him.  She just glared at me with this demonic look on her face and said 'No, Ann...he's not going to hurt me.'  Time went on after this and we just sat in the room and tripped and the guys messed with our heads.  Nothing unusual....yet.  Then we decided that we wanted to smoke some weed.  And we both took another hit of acid at that point.  So, I got my bowl, Shauna had one of the guys roll her a joint with some of her weed, and we went outside to smoke.  Shauna went off with the guy that rolled her the joint to smoke it, and I stood on the front porch of my dorm and smoked about 3 bowls between 2 of us.  It was about 2am at that point.  Shauna came around the corner of the building sobbing hysterically, repeating my name over and over again.  She couldn't handle being away from me on her trip.  She went nuts if I wasn't in the same area or room as her the whole time.
