Like I said I was feelin pretty bad so goin to the top floor didn`t seem like all that much Phun. When we got to the room Tre told me there was someone he wanted me to meet. I asked him who right as the door opened.  I wasn`t sure who this Cat was but I was sure I`d seen him before. He let us in the room and we all exchanged greetings and all that jazz. After a few minutes of chit chat this person that I`ll call F. asked me if I`d like to do some drops with him. I told him I`d taken 10 already and he asked me if I was still sick. Feeling Puzzled I said yeah why?(Thinkin maybe somethin was really wrong with this situation). He asked Tre how long ago I dosed and when Tre told him about 4 hours he said I`d feel better soon and once again asked me if I wanted to do some doses. At that point(and I don`t know why) I said sure. He asked me how many and I got all cocky and said whatever`s clever (big mistake). He came over to me with a vial, bit the tip off and squirted it into my mouth. I instantly started geekin in my mind but held it in to at least look like I was keeping my composure. He then did the same for himself. A few minutes later the sickness was actually going away replaced with an intense feeling of warmth. Tre and F. spoke amongst themselves as I spoke with Theresa who had also done about 30 or 40 drops herself. During this time Tre was tellin F. of how I had always wanted to Spin Out and had never manged to get there even though it wasn`t uncommon for me to eat a sheet or more at a time. F. came back over to me and talked about it with me a bit before offering me the chance I`d always wanted. Put on the spot of it I was a little scared at first but I`m sure it was just the realization of what I had already taken was starting to mess me up pretty bad. I agreed not really knowing what was gonna take place in the next few minutes as I started trying to convince myself I`d be ok. F. pulled out a different batch of vials along with a bottle of 2 fingered tequila (that I later found out was full of Un-Cut Liquid) and carefully put different amounts of (unmeasured)doses in each of 6 vials. Not knowing exactly how much was in each one.He had me sit in a chair, place my hands on my lap and tilt my head back when he started pouring the vials in my mouth and on my face. When he was finished he gave me a hug followed by one from Tre and wished me well on my journey. I relaxed a bit and started to fall into the groove of things for a few minutes when it hit me all at once.
