We continued on our way, and made it to the woods, although we weren't yet at our destination. As we were finally approaching the spot, we, and everyone already at the spot, saw a flashlight, followed be somebody in a deep voice yelling 'Hey, there's kids in there!' The way they were talking, it was as though it was the cops, trying to give us a chance to get the hell out of there, because they were looking. I wouldn't have freaked out, since everything I had on me was away, and I felt confident in my ability to refuse a search and whatnot, except that I entirely believed they had drug dogs with them. I panicked pretty badly, along with everyone else, and was trying to decide whether to ditch my stuff or not - I believed the most rational thing to do was to run. I tried to make it to another path that eventually led across a stream and back to dorm side, but I missed the entrance to that (nighttime in the woods is just about the worst situation for trying to get any input from your senses - which led to it being terrifying in both instances), and ended up cornering myself basically in the swamp. All along, I was thinking, if I didn't have all that stuff on me, I was going to check out the situation, see if it actually was the cops, and maybe end the panic altogether. I was really hoping that someone would do that, and not long after thinking that, it sounded like someone was doing that, although I had entirely believed that, from the sounds of it, it actually was the cops, and that there was no way out of it for me. I should also mention that, since I had already been caught earlier in the year, if I got caught again, I was basically out of school, which basically meant I was afraid for my life. Just a little more of that panic, before it all came out that the 'cops' were some drunk third-years who were playing a bit of a prank while they were looking for one of thier friends who had made his way through the woods somewhere. I was not the only one to thank them for the experience - now that we knew it was totally safe, I realized that I had not been that absolutely terrified in a long time, and in retrospect, it was thrilling. I honestly believed that I was not safe, and that doesn't come up often.
