I awoke several hours later completely delirious.  Not being able to make any sense of anything. My ability to speak was gone only to be replaced by jibber jabber baby talk. I stayed like that for a couple of hours (while I was told later everyone sat around watching me hoping I`d be ok but not really knowing if I would or not). (I was also told of the baby talk as they called it as I had no recollection of it) After that I passed out again and everyone started to panic a bit. This went on with me waking up and passing out the whole morning, day and half of the next night. I finally started to come out of it a bit when I heard the phone ring. I looked around and asked everyone what was going on. I was still really out of it but I had some senses of things. I smoked a bowl with some help and they managed to feed me a bit when it hit me again. This time I understood things a lot better but was still not in my right mind. By the morning I was able to get in the car to start making my way home. 'Finally' I thought. I was able to drive so I figured I must be ok. Everyone thanked me for giving them the scare of their lives as Theresa and I left the hotel. Halfway home we noticed a DPS Trooper right on our bumper. Not good. I was able to maintain some kind of mindset to keep the car straight and that he was just running the tags to make sure we were all good. Whew!! We were and he went on his way. I had trouble getting used to being anywhere but the hotel for hours when we got back to my friends apt. and by the evening time headed back for Austin still trippin. We hooked up with Tre and his girl and rented a room where Tre and I proceeded to match and raise each other on doses the whole night with both of us passing out and waking up over and over again. You`d think I would have learned something or been afraid but after all I had already been thru nothing seemed impossible. I don`t know what exactly happened to me on that trip but I haven`t been the same person. I lost some of my edge on things that I don`t understand. I can`t explain what I saw. It was religious, it was eternal, it was pure insanity. I learned some things during this time though I`m still not really sure what they were. I don`t know if I would recomend anyone doing this without putting some serious thought into it first. I could have died and it didn`t cross my mind until I was faced with the reality of it.
