I decided to take the sacrement at 7:30am so I could have the house to myself all day. After dosing I took a shower because I prefer to at least start out clean, when I trip. After the shower I was just chillin in my bed listening to some trance on the headphones. This went on until about 11:00. This far in I was beginng to get disappointed because even though I was definitly tripping I didn't feel as though I was peaking. My opinion is that it was due to the music choice. I went outside for a cigarette and my mind started thinking in a different pattern. Before I was more focused on the music by being outside and veiwing nature I began to start thinking about my spiritual beliefs amungst other things. This was a time in my life when I was very unsure about my beliefs. This didn't go on too long before I went inside to my room. I turned on some Grateful Dead  which sounded absolutly wonderful. The music moved me and before I knew it I was dancing around the room. I felt as though I was the visualizer for the music. This was odd since it is unheard of that I dance. At this point I knew I was peaking and opted to lay down on the bed. It was about 12:30. I began to focus on an abject in my room. Let me describe the object as best I can. The base is a cone, and at the tip are four skinny arms that are bent in a certain way. These arms are all different colors, blacklight responsive, and they spin around in different directions. However, the design is perfect because I have found that even when not triping I can see the visuals it makes. Anyway the arms began to move off of their designed trajectories. It looked as though some where falling down, and then it would zoom right back up. After this it transformed in a way and instead the arms looked like they were moving up towards the cieling. Like ribbons of color ascending into the sky. As this was happening the beginning heartbeats of Darkside of the moon began to play. And then, in that instant, the entire room took on a new perspective. It was as if a new connection was made inside the supercomputer that is my brain. Like a light switch flicking on my entire field of vision engulfed in visuals at the instant the music on the first track of darkside hits. Having experienced ego loss prior to this I recognized it instantly. My walls began to glimmer as though they were made of bricks of gold. In my window curtain, I saw Timothy Leary's face smiling back at me as if to say, 'There ya go, now ya got it.'  For the entire album of darkiside of the moon I was transcendent. Many, many visions appeared to me, all with my eyes open. The visions were on the curtains and the walls, and the floor, and anything else in my view. The amazing thing was that all the visuals seemed more realistic than most visuals.  Bright white light shone through the wall straight into my eye. It felt as though it was the awesome power of God.  He comforted me, and reassured me that my way of life was rightous. I understood the mind doesn't need our clunky bodies to survive. It has everything it needs to live on in the afterlife. After that I remained in this heavenly place looking down upon the people of earth with more knowledge of life than I had ever thought concievable. The music brought up topics such as money. I began to understand that Gov't and society was a huge joke. I was shown many more images, however some of which are deeply personal and others I have not fully understood yet. The state of transcendance lasted until the last note of Darkside. I was thrown back into my body on earth and at that moment there was a laughter in the music and I began to laugh as well.
