We spent the rest of the trip in the tent, just laying down holding each other.  We squeezed each other, rubbed each other, made out, even had sex (although neither of us came anywhere near orgasming and were perfectly fine with that).  It was amazing.  I have never felt so close to another person.  When I first started peaking, my trip was more focused on my personal physical euphoria and I was more physically excited in a child-like joyous way... now in this intimate setting, the trip turned into the most intense bonding experience I have ever had.  It was like nothing else existed except the two of us in this little tent.  We kept saying how much we loved each other, over and over.  I couldn't tell him enough... I was desperate to convey to him how much I loved him, but nothing was good enough so I just kept saying stuff.  In hindsight it's funny to think about.  I told him, 'I love your hands, and your feet, and your legs, and your face, and your eyes, and the gap between your teeth....' etc... 'I never want this to end'... 'You are my everything, this is everything, we are everything... I love you love you love you more than anything...'  These were the types of things I said (and that he said, although I was more talkative than he was) over and over as we just embraced for hours.  At one point we noticed my dog sleeping on his back with a goofy grin.  We laughed at how silly he looked and rubbed our bare feet on his fuzzy belly, which felt so soft like velvet.  Everything felt so soft and wonderful... my boyfriend's skin and hair, kissing him, sex... but sex didn't feel so great in a sexual way, it was more in a non-sexual physical way (if that makes sense) and in an intensely deep emotional way.  Not to get too graphic, but when he was inside of me, it felt like his soul and heart were inside of mine, melded together as one.  It felt like all my chakras had been opened, but none so wide as my heart chakra.  I could literally feel the light and love spilling from my chest and emanating into the world.
