At this time M and I had conversed and decided we had better each pop another half (approximately T: +1hrs45min) we went to the restroom and did just that.  We again resumed dancing and walking around enjoying this experience of pure sensory bliss, I felt that rush of pure euphoria again and I swear I could feel it through every nerve in my body, it was absolutely amazing I felt so connected and in tune (those are the only words I can think of to describe it).  We then went back to the couches where J and L were still there looking like they had melted into the couch, still with the orgasmic looks on their faces.  We talked to our “single serving friend” and M asked him if he knew where to get another pill to which he replied “for sure!” I gave M a 20 and off he went to purchase another tablet of pure chemical bliss.  He returned and it ended up being another orange maserati! I was hyped, immediately we returned to the bathroom and popped another half each (approximately T:+2hrs30min) .  We then went with our new friend out to the patio to smoke a cigarette which was amazing, I felt just so incredibly great (I'm sorry I cant be more specific, psychedelics are subjective ;-) )  We returned to the inside and listened to Tiesto finish up his set, it was the perfect time and place to indulge in MDMA, the lights, the music, the people, all of it perfect.  After a while it became time to leave ( at about 3am) so we all left the club and the walk back to the car was interesting the orange glow of the sodium vapor lamps of the street had a beautiful glow to them and everything appeared to be in high definition, as I was walking I felt like I was the Man Of Steel and could do anything, it was great.  I got a tad paranoid as we walked past a few police officers and saw a person getting the 3rd degree from one on the top level of the parking structure where we had parked our car, but this subsided after we left.  M, J, and I piled into M’s car (L rode with someone else) and proceeded to drive to drop J off and back to my pad to smoke some more of that hydro green-green.  We were still somewhat rollin but composed enough to drive, I made sure of it.
