Well the shwag we had was a pretty shitty start to the night, my back began to hurt and I was feeling tired and lazy. So we sat down to eat some candy, at this time its now 6:10, when all the sudden soemthing amazing came over me. I looked over at one of my friends and just began to laugh, but it wasnt like a stoned laugh where something stupid is funny, it was just because I got so extremely happy for no obvious reason. This was deffinatley more then I expected so I jumped up off the curb we were sitting on and exclamied how happy I was and all the euphoria and energy that was surging through my body. About 15 minutes later all 5 of us were rolling face. Well the first part of the roll was very exciting and I wanted to talk to as many peoiple I could find, going up to strangers asking them how they are doing, and how I love there house designs. I just felt so at one with every living thing. They were all my best friends. And you couldnt imagine how greatfull I was for the friends I was with and had. We walked all around shareing personal things or feeling we had. Stuff that we kept secret to the world, I can remember telling them how I loved them and I wanted to stay friends with them forever. The feeling I got from this drug was so unique and amazing, I was just so happy to be alive and experiencing this. Now its about 2 hours later and I'm still rolling very hard, its about this time when we run into some other friends of ours, they offer us some weed so we go smoke with them, BAD IDEA! The stoned asses and our rolling dumbasses decided to smoke in the middle of an open park. I didnt even realize how stupid this was because of how happy I was just to be there. Well a little bit after we light up the bowl a few times, as I'm exhaling a bright light shines at the side of my face. My heart jumps and I dont know what was runnign through my mind, but at that moment I just walked away from the crowd, there was a few of my friends off to the side a little and I waved them over.
