I did not learn much from my first encounters with the drug.  Being unaccustomed, my memory was very jaded, and I could not recall specific emotions and thoughts whilst under the influence.  The only solution to this age-old dilemma, as I have now discovered, is to continue using it.  The brain has a wonderful way with chemical intervention; it can adapt and respond in a more positive fashion once it has been exposed to a substance for a prolonged period of time.  As of now, 2 years after my first sketchy encounters, my ability to recall thought has dramatically improved while under the influence, as have other aspects.  My motor function still remains impaired, but only to a slight degree.  When I concentrate, I find that I can still exhibit controlled dexterity with tasks such as drawing or percussion, both very rewarding whilst high. But when I am in a situation where I can release my focus and simply let the drug take over, such as in the shower, something peculiar occurs.  I feel almost as if each and every part of my body is fixed to an axis, and my movement is restricted to rhythmic, repetitive cycles.  I can easily control this feeling, but I see no reason to, for I do enjoy it, strange as it may sound. I also become aware of a sort of separation between body and mind.  My body becomes a mere minion of my brain, a robotic mass of rhythmic muscle contraction; difficult to describe in words.  In all their peculiarity, it is during these occurrences that I can let my mind roam free.  I can only achieve this during times when I am alone, and for me, the shower seems to be the ideal area for cannabis-inspired contemplation.  My imagination has no horizon; I spontaneously jump from one random thought to another, most of which manifest a type of creativity which I normally do not possess.  I can always seem to generate a series of random imagery at will, and the clarity with which I can envision them is beyond what I can accomplish sober.  The only negatives that present themselves are the fact that much of these thoughts and images are indeed random and in fast succession, and it is difficult to process them so that I may recall them later.  I am adapting to this; slowly bringing back more and more thoughts and feelings from the marijuana experience, and although not all of them are of use, I find it quite intriguing, if not a little befuddling.  Long trains of spontaneous, creative thought are typically not in my character.
