But this night in the car was different. While my friend was telling me his stories, I seemed to drift farther and farther from my body... I became lost within a boundary that kept stretching to keep me thinking that the end was just at fingers grasp... But it was not. I kept falling and falling deeper and deeper into a state of depression that knew no bounds. I became like lead, constantly falling, yet gradually growing in speed, falling... There was never a 'rock bottom,' the state of mind that I was in was psychotic and kept changing from bad to worse. Things that once made since made no since, and I became aware that humans were not perfect... I was fully aware of this previously, but this was different. I saw a disturbing visage in my minds eye. I saw a completely wrong 'after death.' I saw that we as humans were all apart of a system, and that our souls were bound to the same central processing unit, but what it controlled I could not become aware of... I saw the souls of man aligned in rows and columns, which were perfectly in alignment, yet they were all the same... Like a program of little ants marching in, one with the same thoughts as the other, to do that which is told, and that no matter what they did, they could not change their fate, that they were apart of the system, and that no matter what they did, it was said to be done, and was in essence... Perfect. I saw every man on the face of this earth, and I knew each of their names, but they looked all the same. They looked, acted, and were all the same... They were perfect beings; following the motherboard everywhere it went. It was as if they had no free agency, and they were all under some sort of evil congregation disguised as something good... This scared me into a deeper state of depression, for I saw the light and was then, after almost grasping freedom, away from the shackles that were trying to bring me down... But just as I thought that I had achieved the state out of the state that I was in, I was pulled back to the pit of crude understanding that made me ill... I was tortured for a while. 
