It was the winter of 2004. One of my best friend(I'l call him J) was performing at a talent show at the high school he attended in a band with A and E. After missing the performance the show was shorty afterwards done so me and J's brother N got a ride going to A's house where eventually Me, N, J, A, E, and A's friend R(sorry if its confusing) were grouped together outside his front door talking about what we where about to do. After talking about a good place to toke A led us up a street and into an ally-like gravel back road above his house that had an old shed off to the side. The whole way there I was excited/horrified at the fact that I was about to get baked. I really didnt know what to expect or how it would feel. I was full of adrenaline. As we approached the shed I was actually shaking with fear while E(the oldest of us) was trying to calm my nerves telling me to '...enjoy it man.Dont make it an uptight and tense experience.' Once inside I think I quickly found a seat on a can or something(that i cant remember) and imediatly heard the door shut. And at the same instant J's cell iluminate the dark shed with the 6 of us in there. I faintly remember R touching and feeling around him for something(I was still talking to Elgin). After about another minute the cell was illuminating an obect I had never seen in real life.I knew it was what the stoners called a bong but I had never seen one in rea life. When R pulled a lighter from his pocket, and put his mouth to the top of the bong, I heard a confusing bubbling noise and N whispered to me 'Dude were gonna get fucked up!' I couldnt even reply and questions were going through my head like...what if we get caught?, how long will it last?, What if I have a bad reaction?, Am I ready?? And to my horror...the bong was already at E...who was right beside me. The shed was by that time pretty smokey. E nudged me while he was holding a hit to take it. I  hesitated for seconds but took it so my friends wouldnt think I was a sissy. A gave me a good rundown as to how to hit the bong. It seemed easy enough but I was still scared out of my mind. I sparked the lighter and began to draw air where I heard the familiar Bubble sound and held it close to the bowl which contained  fading embers that quickly changed to a glowing cherry as I was taking the bong rip. I dont remember how long of one I took but I do remmber that within seconds of lifting the bowl from the bong I was coughing madly and couldnt stop for around 2 minutes. Meanwhile the bong was still being passed around. Im pretty sure more weed was put in but I wasnt watching. As a newbee again I wasnt sure what to expect or if I had even did it right. From what it looked like to A he said that I did it all the right way accept for nnot holding the hit long enough. However each time the bong was passed to me, I got the hang and by the time we where about to leave I had gotten around 5 good sized hits that seemed to impress my friends. Through this whole experience I was coughing, especially with my first hit because of what I thought to be the smoke in the small shed. 
