I don't remember what else I thought about, but eventually at some point I moved from besides that van and kept walking towards home. I remember seeing cars on the street and wondering what time it was. I checked my phone, but can't remember what time I saw on it. As I neared my parents' house, I told myself I was not going to go inside because they'd be able to see I was tripping. And because I wanted to be separate from them. I felt ashamed and belittled that I didn't even have a place I could call my own, a place where I could feel free to do drugs or whatever else I desired. I made it into my car and almost turned on the heat twice, but turned it right back off both times. To have the heat on, the truck's headlights would have to be on and I was worried about being caught. I briefly considered driving the truck to a secluded spot, but abandoned that idea. I was in no condition to drive. As soon as that thought hit my mind, I chafed at it and said to myself, 'What, I'm not responsible enough to drive on shrooms? I'm not a good enough driver?' My constant need to prove myself manifested itself that night in me trying to do normal actions despite the state of mind I was in. However, other people's lives are just as sacred as mine. I have no right to endanger them just because my parents have instilled me with this inferiority complex. So I didn't drive. I did listen to Will You Be There in the car, or parts of it at least. I don't remember much except saying at the end, 'How could you say that to me?' This is in reference to the last lines of the song, 'I'll never let you part, for you're always in my heart.' Justina had given me a pocketwatch with those words engraved on it. I didn't realize why I took objection to that at the time, but I do now. No one is allowed to put a claim on me like that unless they are my spouse. I will give friendship and love freely. I'll even make promises of lifelong camaraderie but you are not allowed to make a claim on me. No one is.
