As I entered the room, I felt as though I was entering heaven on earth. I sat down on a bed with plants sewn into the comforter. Suddenly, the plants almost turned to life, the comforter gained extreme essence, as though I felt connected to it. I then noticed the techno music that was playing right outside of the door. It felt as though it was flowing through my soul. I then stared at my hand as I moved it. It was no longer morphing, it was streaming. Whenever I'd move it, thousands of hands would follow. It was gloriously indescribable. I then proceeded to look up at my friends. Everything was streaming and its beauty consumed me. Everyone also had glorious red auras around them and inside of them. These auras represented my love for all of them. The auras shined into my soul, creating a deep connection to everybody. My body high turned into golden energy inside of me. My soul felt like it wanted to fly away into the stars. Everyone looked beautiful. The more beautiful the persons soul, the larger and brighter their aura. 'A' and 'E' were gleaming because of the way they helped me. It was spectacular to look at them together, they seemed to symbolize love. I loved everyone in the room. I was feeling so many emotions on top of emotions and they seemed to multiply. Something that I did not mention before is that I had a hard time speaking before my peak, in which I was almost mumbling. Now I had a clear voice and extremely clear thoughts, maybe the clearest I've ever had. It felt as though I was awakened into a world of clarity. Everything seemed to make sense. I spoke to everyone generally saying that there is universal energy and how it is in our power to mold it into positive or negative energy. I then proceeded to explain that we live lives of caution. Caution for fear of failure, caution for fear of not belonging, etc. If we stop doing things for fear, and start doing things for the sake of molding positive energy, then I think that we can create an eternal happiness. We should stop blaming others for being different. I realized that EVERYONE has a meaning for everything they do, because EVERYONE is trying to create positive energy for themselves, they just might not know how to do it. What people may not understand is that if they create positive energy for others, some of that positive energy will transcend into their souls. I now know how to forgive. I then forgave myself for my faults, and only asked that I do everything I can to fix them. All of these answers were given to me as I thought, and all of those ideas plus more appeared within a split second. I felt extreme positive energy as I came down.
