Vividly I see faint trails in the air and noticeable tracers off of D’s face.  The wood on the pool table is swirling, breathing, and bending.  Kind of like a flowing river of wood.  I see indecipherable writing on R's dad's workbench.  I hear crickets that just sound like a long buzz.  R's brother comes in to say goodnight.  If I were on bud and that happened I would be paranoid as hell.  I'm fine and not paranoid at all.  I think this is the peak.  I blow up the balloon and ask C to take pictures of me.  D sees her taking pictures of me, gets mad and says 'No picture time!”  Wanting to appease him because he is drunk I put on a Tom Petty CD.  We sing American Girl.  When I'm sober Tom Petty sounds good, but on shrooms he sounds awesome.  I hear echoes in Learning to Fly.  I take out the glowstick and we all throw it around.  Tom Petty ends and I put on Belle and Sebastian's The Boy with the Arab Strap.  At one point R’s voice sounds almost Scottish.  I see a Native American bent over playing a flute, or perhaps a Capricorn goat that's a scar on R's head.  D passes out and R, C, and I talk some more.  We talk about religion.  Both C and R are Atheist.  I tell them my theories of creation and how I believe there is something after death. I say how Buddhism might appeal to them. I tell them that in Buddhism there is no “God” figure, the religion is based purely on the self.   I play with the lighter and look in the mirror. It's still me.  R tells me that he used to like the taste of grass as a child.  C and I tell him it was probably Onion grass he was eating.  R says he can prove us wrong.  He brings in a tall piece of grass that is split with two leaves.  He shows me the white part and instructs me to bite off the end piece with the dirt and eat the white part.  I do just that, and like the taste. I tell C and R about how scientists theorize that early man ate mostly grasses and modern man’s appendix shrank.  Then we discuss the use of drugs by primordial man.  We conclude that alcohol, mushrooms, and Cannabis were the first drugs.  Alcohol because early man would have eaten rotten fruit that would have fermented.  Mushrooms and Cannabis because early man gathered for plants.  I tell both C and R how I've been to Europe and Canada.  We talk about the differences between our families.  The sun has risen, D passes out on the couch, and C goes home.  R and I go into his room since his dad is about to get up in an hour.  
