“It’s her again.” I explained to my roommate.  This time around the room seemed to become this entity as opposed to the last time I came in contact with her when it seemed like she was inside my mind.  I felt euphoria like I never have before as the walls completely disappeared in the room, replaced instead by a multitude of figures engaged in intercourse.  The colors and patterns I saw were so vivid and wild that they were almost incomprehensible to me.  The feelings of the body high, euphoria, and sense of connection to humankind all seemed to blend into one very complex emotion: the deity wordlessly explained to me that I was having sex with everyone in the world at the same time.  I closed my eyes and ran my hands through my hair and over my face as I fucked the world, something I typically do when rolling very hard.  I still felt the very strange feeling that I was Hindu, and the entity I was communicating with also seemed very Hindu.  I came to the conclusion that she was probably Kali or Parvati or some incarnation of the universal Hindu energy, Brahman.  In any case, I felt a sense of infinite love as everything I looked at in my dorm room seemed to be made of figures having sex.  The colors and the patterns reached their peak and I felt as though my soul was having an orgasm.  “I’m a rock star,” I explained to my roommate.   It sounded funny when I said it, but it was the best way I could describe my feelings at the time.  My roommate and I decided to venture out into the hallway at some point during this time for some reason; then I remembered that we had to pee. We checked our reflections in the bathroom mirror to discover that our pupils looked like saucers, dominating our irises.  After awkwardly running into someone that lived on our floor, we returned back to the room.  I was still peaking, feeling like I was not only having sex with the world but with this goddess of love that I had recently met also.  The tip of this peak felt like the end of an orgasm, and as I looked around the room everything seemed wet.  It was almost as if the goddess had orgasmed as well.  “Did I just throw up? What happened? Everything looks wet.” I said to my roommate.  He simply said, “I dunno. I feel like I’m gonna bust a nut.”  I laughed, and we continued to joke and laugh about various things until I started losing my mind.
