10:30 – The shrooms are just too intense for me. I can’t even see anymore, my breathing is heavy and I am incredibly nauseous. I start to think I am going to die, so I have my friend (whose words I cannot understand or even hear) guide me to the room. I am scared but come to the realization after exploring the most intricate visuals I have ever seen (the open eye and closed eye are no different at this point) that I am in unique state that many people aren’t lucky enough to experience. My concept of myself disappears entirely, it is the oddest feeling. I am literally just space and time. What’s odder, even though I feel as though the universe and I are one, I enter a realm that I am not part of. The patterns are forming doorways that lead to different realms. I walk down a spiral staircase in my mind that leads to what I can only describe as Hell, and immediately leave. I interpret this as rejection of all the negative energy I have felt for the past three years. I emerge from Hell to walk into a land my friend would later describe as Valhalla. I am in the sky, walking on the air. I get the distinct impression that the gods have allowed me to come to this place, and am immensely thankful. Forests of incredible detail that look like something out of the movie Avatar sprout around my feet with every footstep. And then I come to a giant golden wall, curved inward to a single point in the center. Eyes sprout out of it. They are powerful, they can see right through me. They show me visions of the future, fill me with emotions, and communicate all sorts of things about me that gave me a whole new understanding of myself. It was unpleasant, but I was grateful. I am confronted by a large wall of intense energy, and through it I see the silhouette of what I interpret to be an elder in this godly kingdom. He begins to shout, and runes of the godly language sprout from everything around me. Six other elders join him, and they all begin to shout. When their shouts come together, they form a collective voice that speaks in a language that I have no idea how I understand, and it fills me with peace and shows me what I will do with my future. 
