Now, when I woke from my trance, I saw that L was tearing. I looked at her and I just started crying uncontrollably. I could feel her pain and the emotional turmoil she was going through. I suddenly felt a strange closeness to her fiancé and the pain of having to let him go. It was almost as though her fiancé suddenly became mine and I was breaking things off with him. However, K, who is an experienced shrooms user, managed to calm me down and gave me a hug. L also calmed me down and told me she had already come to terms with how the relationship had fizzled out. Then she changed the topic by talking about how women have secret gardens. Then I started talking to A and giving him hugs and A said ‘I Love You’ and I said ‘I Love You’ back to A, and then we all started showering each other with love and praises and we shared how much we all loved each other. At this point in time though, I noticed that B was extremely quiet and I could not look him in the eye. That was when I started to take a step back and I saw something very interesting. I could see auras, wavelengths and energies in the air. Different people had different colour surrounding them. Even though the place was well-lit, B had a darkness to his face. I could also see waves as though someone had ran a finger through the air connecting certain people to others. I looked around at the groups of people in the tables next to us and I saw it too. In theatre training we are always taught to familiarize ourselves with the energy of a group or a place. I had always understood it as something quite abstract. But on shrooms, this abstract concept took solid shape. I could physically see this energy. Different groups of people had different energies, and A, K, L and R had the same energy whereas B had a different one. And then I said, 'I get it'. I got it. I finally did. I understood that this universe has many more things than it is within our power to perceive. I grasped how clairvoyants, fortune tellers, diviners and do their thing. They don't have a 'power from the demon' and neither are they con artists. These people have higher powers of perception than normal humans. It's just that ever since we were young we have been indoctrinated by logic, science, religion, laws, rules and barriers that stop us from perceiving a lot of extra stuff that this universe has to offer us. But what shrooms does is break down those barriers. And that is because these barriers only exist within the mind. And so began the next part of my trip. 
