The Peak, Part 1 – After the subtle onset, we were both peaking by one hour in.  Still by the riverside, I started to slowly become one with nature.  First was the river.  While sober (sober being only taking cannabis) the river was dirty and polluted.  Very ugly.  No life under the water.  However, the shrooms changed this.  All of a sudden the water was clear.  I could see fish in the water.  Lots of fish.  Including their shadows.  I could easily follow the school of fish as they swam by the bank.  They seemed to notice that we could see them too.  How in the world did I not see this before?  Seeing the fish was only the start.  The sound of the river became louder and soothing.  It sounded as if the river was breathing.  Soon birds started signing.  I turned and caught a pair of bright orange orioles fly in to the tree beside us.  They were signing a beautiful tune that seemed connected with my breathing and the breathing of the river.  I was floored by just how easy it was for me to hear and spot the different birds around us in the tree tops.  Then, maybe the most amazing part of my connection with nature was the river birds that were chasing and playing with each other that started making fly by’s right beside us.  I do not remember noticing these birds the first 3 or 4 days we were camping.  They were a brilliant blue.  Flying, they resembled Dark Vadar’s starfighter planes.  They seemed like they were putting on a show for us.  They kept making fly by’s that were literally no more than 6 inches from our noses before turning and flying straight up.  Much like a bat would do to somebody in a cave.  It kept up for around 30 minutes straight.  I would focus on them so hard, they were practically still and the background was fuzzy and moving, but not the bird, it was perfectly focused for its whole flight path right at me.  I felt as if I had become so connected with the river and nature around us that the wildlife didn’t hesitate to interact with us.  I can not describe adequately the way I connected to the river, to the fish, to the various birds, to the trees and even to the sand beneath our feet while standing on the river bank.  It seemed like there were something there to learn by the river.  My head felt free and clear.  My surrounding was inviting and beautiful.  The shrooms made nature more accessible and nature made the shrooms more enjoyable.
