I felt like I was getting lost into the music, I would look into the visualizer and it blended perfectly with the music even though the music wasn't playing on the Xbox, but on another CD player. It was absolutely beautiful. Again, the first track blew me away, especially now that we reached the peak. It was probably one of the most intense peaks I've ever had on any drug. Everything was starting to become a “blur”, and I closed my eyes and bobbed my head to the music. I remember specifically during the bridge of the song, where Panda Bear sings “To hold you in time” with that echo effect, the vocals felt like it came out of the TV screen with the lights and swirled around my being. I felt like I was riding his voice into oblivion. Absolutely moving, I almost teared up. We listened to about 6 or 7 more tracks, and everybody was euphoric and completely in love with the music. We also noticed that when we squinted our eyes, the lights from the visualizer would stretch across our field of vision and take up the entire room. I felt like I was in another universe with all of the lights, and the music that perfectly massaged my soul. Absolutely breathtaking moment, and I'll never forget it. Other memorable tracks were “Lion in a Coma” with the interesting didgeridoo and crazy effects on the vocals that make them sound backwards and jumbled. “My Girls” with the wonderful beat that gets you pumped, “Also Frightened” with it's amazing effects used in the chorus of the song, “Brothersport” with its uplifting feel, and “Bluish” with the very moving background vocals. Another interesting thing is that I thought a lot about my house when listening to the music and peaking. The way I thought about it was different than I usually picture my house in my mind. It was sort of foreign, and I felt like I had to get to my “safe room” which was my room. I envisioned getting up and running up the stairs into my bed, but somehow still being able to be in the living room at the same time. 
