The pollen was really strong, but not sleep inducing. It made me much more alert, more sensitive to sights and sounds. A haze had appeared around me, and everyone was part of it, breathing it in and out. It was totally benevolent, and I embraced it, taking deep breaths and exhaling very slowly. I suppose it is a form of meditation, and once I had finished I was at peace - completely relaxed. The next joint took me up. It was as if it was working in harmony with the mushrooms, they had become one. I let the flow of energy rise up and envelope me. I did not want to speak, I wanted to look at everything, concentrate on each thing and see what it was, what it was doing. A friend asked me what was happening, impatiently waiting for his 'shrooms to work', but I told him nicely to be quiet. At the beginning of a trip, it is helpful to be silent, and to try and get silence from others. Loud noises directed at you can divert your attention away, and put an annoying barrier between you and you visions, you new thoughts. For the twenty minutes, or however long you deem necessary, try to do this and I promise you it will help. It settles you in gently, allows you to prepare for more intense things to come. In a way, it is your introduction to the being you are going to spend the next 5 - 9 hours with. Be considerate, and observe, and everything will be all right. Once I felt focused enough I left my friends. I lit a cigarette, inhaled, and moved into the next stage. The walls that had once been grubby, uneven surfaces were now a mass of swirling, coiling, snake-like things, which formed beautiful patters. It was as if the bricks had come together to form an intense blue, very viscous liquid. I was afraid to touch it, so I just looked, and was happy just observing. For me, touching things can ruin my focus, but this is not always the case. I would like to be able to feel things, perhaps become one with them for a certain amount of time. I certainly have the ability to do this with other people; through touch you can bond with people in ways that are inexplicable, but beautiful. You can even get close to becoming one entity with them. I walked around for hours, staring, and then I noticed something I hadn't really payed much attention to before. I could talk to people with my mind, I didn't need to speak to them with my voice. Some people did not pay any attention to me, but with those that looked at me right in the eyes I could discuss things. It wasn't in English but we knew what each other meant. Sometimes what was thought had no form or idea, but we knew what was meant by it. You could tell wether or not you would like a person, whether or not they wanted to talk to you. I found myself looking for people to do this with, and once we had introduced ourselves, we resorted to ordinary speech. I would like to develop this further, and it is something I will really concentrate on over the next few weeks. It only really appears with hallucinogens, but it's great. For me, it's proof of psychic existence, and the power of the mind. It needs cultivating, but it could be used to great effect. It was my experiment throughout the trip, and I found that I could communicate in that way much more effectively with friends.
