This was the first time that I had ever taken any kind of psychoactive plant.  3 of my friends and I got together on a Saturday night and ate our dose of mushrooms. As we started to come on to the mushrooms there was lots of giggling and we began to feel pretty loopy, so we decided to go walk around the neighborhood. We ended up in a nearby schoolyard.  I will never forget the experience of the trees beginning to speak to me.  They literally were laughing and talking to me. Linear time became holographic time.  I do not know how long we were outside, running around what seemed like a huge expanse of grass, laughing and looking up at the sky and clouds that were blowing by in the night sky. At one point we all stopped by what appeared to be a  divit in the grass.  As we drew closer the divit grew in to a great dark hole in the ground and grew in size as we stood over the divit, until it was a foot or two across. We had the sense that if we fell down the hole we would find ourselves in another realm of some sort and perhaps never be able to come back.  Some time passed as we looked down into the dark hole before us and we decided to back away and not get lost down the 'rabbit hole'. Our trip continued on for many hours, but that is the most distinct memory that I have from it.  Many years later I ended up learning about a trance like state where one could 'journey' to the lowerworld. The process involves inducing the trance like state by listening to the sound of a drum and envisioning a place on the planet (hole in a tree, body of water, or other place I feel drawn to on the earth) where I could dive down a dark hole, travel down a dark tunnel, and emerge into the underworld where you can meet various spirit guides, helpers and other beings. When I began apprenticing and learning about how to access and travel to this place, I couldn't help but reflect on my first experience with mushrooms, or 'Flesh of the Gods' all those years ago when I first saw an entrance to the lowerworld.
