After laying in bed for a while longer, he told me he couldn't sleep and asked if I would stay awake with him.  We got back out of bed and sat facing each other in chairs. I had intense visuals still, after about 7 hours of tripping hard.  He started to look like the visuals in Fear and Loathing, his face was bulging in and out, in squares and circles.  I couldn't see straight, and just wanted it all to end.  I was tired of the visuals, I just wanted Delyriem to look like he normally did instead of a stretched out strange version of him.  He kept looking cartoonish, and I could see all the colors in his hair instead of just brown, I saw green and purple strands that mixed to make what looked like brown.  I had never had such intense visuals so far into a trip. It was starting to hurt my eyes because the intensity of the colors, and being unable to focus. Eventually around 6 or 7 in the morning I drifted off to sleep after many more terrifying failed attempts.  I was afraid to sleep because I thought that because tripping was kind of like a dream, it meant that I would have to go through a few more hours of tripping before waking up to normalcy.  I had an entire night of nightmares, and even when I woke up at noon the next day I felt disoriented and out of place.  For a few hours after being awake I couldn't decide if my thoughts were normal again, couldn't figure out what it was like to be conscious.  I was afraid that I would never wake up from the trip, that I would never be the same or figure out how I thought normally.  I imagined becoming schizophrenic, kind of tripping for the rest of my life.  Delyriem and I talked continuously about the trip, trying to work it out in my head what had happened and why I felt the way I did.  Before going to sleep we had looked at a reputable harm reduction website's facts about LSD to assure me that I would be okay, and I kept trying to reassure myself.  I finally started to feel normal in the late afternoon, able to sort my thoughts out.  
