T+0:55- I first notice alerts. I had no idea what was going to happen at first, but when it did I definetly noticed. My vision began to flash, like a stobe light. I turned and looked at my wall, which was doing it too. I leaned up from my laying on stomach gaming position and the mind effects suddenly hit me. Everything that I had been thinking about suddenly vanished, it was like the effects of the drug was the only thing that I was focusing on.  That in no way describes what I had experienced at the time. I sat down at my computer desk and looked around my room. Everything was colliding with each other in this strange kaliedoscopic swirling pattern. It was like there was a 360 degree rainbow in my vision, with different layers on everything. My mind was racing in all directions at this point, and I kept trying to almost decribe to myself what was going on. Its was like I was watching everything happen, then over and over and over would watch the same thing happen. It felt like deja vu, like I had this experience many times before and knew exactly was going on. I kept repeating to myself,' THIS is what its like, I understand now. I understand. I understand.' Everything seemed to be going in loops. When I moved it felt like I only had to use effort for the first movement and then it became a symmetrical and repeating process. I still felt entirely in control of myself. I felt like I was more in control than ever. I felt like I was more a human being than ever. I would sit there and stare at things for hours, look at my phone, and the minute hadnt even changed. Everything was happening so fast pace, yet everything was going so slow. I moved my arm to pick up something(at the time I cant remember what it was because I never ended up picking it up) and noticed trailing images following the movement of my arm. I stared with amaze. I suddenly remembered a report of a government test on an artist who was given a total of 110mcg of lsd. In the report it said for a while he layed down on his bed and seemed to become strangly fascinated with something above him, and was moving his arms around in the air. This brought back the thought of understanding. To understand how others feel, what they were thinking about, what others perceptions were at the moment that they were thinking and feeling. This had all been within about 20 minutes.
