T=4:45: I envisioned my close friends and past lovers purely as neural networks and receptor activation profiles like me as well, each seeking their own satisfaction and fulfillment within their own realms of perceived experiences and internal assumptions.  'Is your blue my blue?'  To say nothing of whether your assumptions about social constraints match my own.  I had a sudden appreciation for the differences between people and their perspectives.  I had an overwhelming feeling that I wanted to focus over the next few years on getting closer to my friends and making more friends in general and seeking new lovers, having spent almost all of my time over the past several years focusing on my technical career.  I thought of the world in the Cartesian 'dream argument' sense, the notion that we really could be in a simulation or all brains in vats.  But that somehow other people, other beings were more important and more ontologically fundamental than perceptions about the rest of the outside world itself.  I had never had this thought before.  I had always assumed the notion of solipsism implied others would be inherently just as ontologically contingent as anything else within perceived reality, but suddenly I saw them as something different.  What I envisioned now was more like the setting of the Matrix, multiple individuals experiencing the same or a similar shared perceived reality, even if they were all really something or somewhere else.  Perhaps because of my inability to completely simulate them the way I could with other phenomena, perhaps they seemed in some information-theoretic sense to be undeniably outside of me.  Or at least outside of whatever parts of my mind I could consciously perceive.  And right now that seemed like all of them.  Certainly I felt a far more complete understanding of my own assumptions and sociocultural contingencies now than I ever had at once before.  I saw my friends and past lovers as immensely bright sparks of various individual colors flying through a space of possibilities with me, at varying distances and speeds, as though we were all engaged in some common struggle or journey together and should help each other in pursuing it.  Though we were all spread out over the country now, I momentarily flashed back to my earlier visions of living in primitive tribes.  Abstract modernity brings us closer than geography, at least, in part.  It was beautiful.
