We went back inside, and after a while the guys passed out, so we had to go downstairs to my room.  So, we went to the end of the hall and down to the landing of the next floor down, where I live.  We couldn't decide whether it was my floor or not, and we stood there for what seemed like an hour trying to decide if we should go down the stairs (which looked like they led to nowhere) or go down the hall.  Finally, I convinced Shauna that we should go down the hall to my room.  My roommate was home for the weekend, so the room was empty.  We went in, and got dressed for bed.  Shauna laid down in my roommate's bed and I laid down in mine.  She started saying how bad her back was hurting her, and then my neck started to hurt really bad.  This is another effect of acid.  Then she looked at me and said, 'let's have a cigarette.' Since I have a smoking room, this was not a big deal.  So, we each got a cigarette out and sat there holding them, thinking they were lit, since we could see smoke coming out of the ends of them.  I said we better go over by the window so it doesn't smell like smoke too bad in here.  So, when Shauna went to get off of the bed, she realized that the floor had morphed into water, and if we touched it, that we would drown. So, we had to get over to the window without touching the floor.  We sat and devised a plan to jump from the beds to the chairs by the window so that we could smoke over there.  We finally made it.  Then when we realized that our cigarettes weren't really burning, we lit them and smoked them.  Then we went back to the beds and sat and talked about our visuals.  I saw this huge cement drainage tube that was open and at the top was a big tilted bottle of Heinz ketchup that was pouring into the drain pipe.  I told Shauna about it, and she said that she was trying to get to the other end of the tunnel to get to me.  The pipe then transformed into a tunnel.  I told Shauna to walk towards me, and as she did, Santa Claus appeared in front of me and wouldn't let Shauna walk past me.  So, I was hollering to her that she couldn't get by because Santa Claus was in the way.  Then that visual disappeared and we both shut our eyes.  All of the geometric shapes were green and red, Christmas colors.  And we saw the same exact things at the same time.  Then we discovered that if we looked up really fast with our eyes open, we could see these crackling, silver sparkles that flooded across the room.  All of a sudden as we were talking, I transformed into someone else.  Shauna started talking to me as if I was someone else.  I asked her who she was talking to and she said that there was a man with a red beard lying in my bed.  And that one side of his face was male and one side was female.  She asked him where Ann was, and he/I said that she had gone outside to smoke.  Shauna then got very upset that I had gone outside without her, and that this man was sitting in my bed.
