At first it was very peaceful, I started to drift off out of consciousness a bit and was experiencing visuals at an unheard of level, but about 5  minutes later something went wrong.I fell into a complete panic. I started feeling as though I couldn`t breathe. I looked around the room and not wanting anyone to know I was panicking I closed my eyes and tried to ride it out as with any other trip. No dice. In my head I saw blood everywhere and saw myself losing it and starting to kill people that were in the hotel room with me. I opened my eyes again and jerked my head from side to side trying to find a way out of this mindset. I told myself that I needed to get out of the room before I lost it and jumped up and reached for the door. I made it about halfway out the door when I had the feeling and thought in my head that I was telling myself that I would jump (remember I`m on the top floor). I jumped back in the door slamming it and put my back against the door as I slid down it to the ground. Every bad thing that people had told me could happen ran thru my mind and I felt them all happening to me at that point. Tre looked over at me and asked me how I felt and if I was ok. I told him no. He asked me what was wrong and I told him i was scared. He tried to assure me that there was nothing to be afraid of and that it was just my mind trying to let go and that I was trying to hold it back and should just let it go. I put my hands to my head and started crying squeezing my head. At this point he knew something wasn`t right and grabbed F.`s attention to let him know that I was geekin. F. came to me and sat down on the floor beside me, he offered me a bowl and tried to talk to me a bit. I wasn`t comprehending anything and my heart was racing. He helped me up and had me sit in the chair I had started out in. (This is where it got crazy) He had me close my eyes and started placing peaceful thoughts in my head to help me relax as reality was floating away quickly (all this happened within 10 to 15 minutes from the point he splashed me)
