By this time (T +1:15) my trip was really getting going, and I began hearing strange, wondrous sounds in the background of the movie, and all the characters had a different look to them that was hard to describe.  I was getting lost in the world of sounds and colors of the movie, and my mind was beginning to wander into an altered state.  Then the scene when Beavis eats the peyote in the desert came on.  Beavis's trip began, and mine was climbing to a peak.  Beavis's trip is pretty strange, especially when I'm tripping as well, and I was getting weirded out by all the sounds and creatures and colors, so I turned the movie off.  When I did, my entire TV screen turned blue (as it usually does when you hit stop on the VCR), but I was mesmerized by the 52” of high definition bright blue in front of me.  It seemed to envelope my entire being, and the whole universe became nothing but a serene, bright blue.  Nothing existed but myself and the blue, and it began to present ideas to me about my life and how I live, and I was able to look at my life more objectively and realize things I had never known about myself and why I do the things that I do.  I began to realize that everything and everyone is connected in some inexplicable way, and that the things we do to each other reflect back on ourselves and on the universe as a whole.  I realized that many people don’t know this or don’t seem to care, and that this is a shame, but at the same time I realized that I must accept this fact, and that everything, good or bad, is part of a bigger picture and plan and must be accepted.  The blue was pulsating with serene light and there were strange, indescribable sounds all around me, and they were a part of the blue, too.  The blue seemed to want to envelope me, and I welcomed it, but I was at the same time apprehensive about letting myself go into it completely.  I believe now that if I had let this happen, there would have been complete dissolution of the ego and I would have become a part of one huge blue sea of being and one with the universe.  I hesitated for some reason I still can’t understand (perhaps just fear of the unknown), and Kyle, who had gotten himself into an alcohol-induced slumber, woke up and turned on Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
