The second time I tripped I really messed up. It was a week later from the previous first trip of my life, and I had gotten 3 of these (spider-mans), and from what I had heard from experienced trippers was that these spider-mans were good, and I agreed considering my first trip. I bought 3, one for me, my best friend who I hadn't tripped with and his brother. We had planned to do it on a saturday night. Unfortunately, my parents had planned to go to a nascar race early the nest morning and I had to be there real early at like 5am,so I could watch my little sister. SO I was at home alone, cause my parents were in bed sleeping, and my friend corey and his brother had decided to go to a club since we weren't tripping. I stayed up late that night watching t.v. Cause I was bored and at 12 started to watch 'Space Cowboys', and I was bored and wanted to have some fun and took one spider-man, after and hour into the movie I felt as if it wasn't really effecting me, and being a unexperienced user of acid; not knowing the power of it; and still questing for that true trip, like in the movies and stuff where u have alot of visuals. So wanting more effect I took the other 2. So now I have 3 spider-mans in me and I'm watching 'space Cowboys', I first started to notice that Clint Eastwood's face looked real weird and sort of twisted, and in the movie they're working on this satellite in outer space that is supposedly this Russian communication satellite. But in the movie its a conspiracy, and the satellite is actually this nuclear warhead satellite still up in space from the cold war. Now when this things goes into attack mode, I felt like I was in a dam I-max theatre, and this thing was giant, and I was like ok I'm tripping now, so I turn it off and go to my computer and start to play a computer game called Counter-Strike, but I find myself just staring off into the screen and like breaking down every pixel on the monitor, so return to the television but only to flip through the channels, and note this was only my second time tripping and the first time I didn't have any real visuals, but this time I was in for some.
