Eventually we got there. I was taken out of the vehicle, and led to the door outside the facility. A very buff man, was standing outside it. The officers wished me luck, and left me with this man, who then proceeded to yell at me like a drill sergeant. He made my repeat everything he said, and started going over some of the ground rules of the facility. There was a yellow line taped down on the floor and I had to acknowledge all of the officers and request permission to cross it. This was very hard to do at the time, as I was still kind of fucked up, and I hadn't slept in ages. Eventually one of the guards led me into a room and had me shower, then gave me prison clothes to change into. I couldn't believe I was actually in jail. After I finished my shower, he let me call my parents. I told them to get me a lawyer and they agreed. That was the last I would hear from them. Eventually I was led to a room with bunks with the other inmates. The next three days that I would remain in this facility would be the worst days of my life. The first day was the worst. I was still coming down from the LSD, and I was not allowed to sleep at all until 10pm rolled around. Needless to say I could hardly function during the day, and was completely exhausted by the time night came around. The facility operated like a standard jail. Asshole guards, terrible food, no rights, and nothing to do besides read the 'rules sheet' you were given. If you had good behavior, you could later be upgraded and be able to read the Bible, then if you continued to have good behavior, you could check out a book. The three days I remained in this facility were the longest days of my life. What was even worse was that all of the other kids in there were in there for real crimes like fighting and stealing. I was in there for a drug charge. A victimless 'crime'. Every night before I went to sleep I would think about how I was going to possibly get of there, and how long I would be in there. On the third day I was taken to court in another white van, along with a dozen other inmates that were scheduled for court that day.
