By this point it was about an hour in and things were getting really intense. I looked at the underside of my hand and wrist and saw the veins scintillating and moving quickly like highways of ‘loading’ bars on the computer with the diagonal lines moving. The visuals were making me sick so I closed my eyes and saw this universe pattern with millions of different sized dots and stars made of different day-glo colors. It was all intensely beautiful but I felt too sick to appreciate it. I stood up to make my way to the bathroom to try to speed up the inevitable and found my balance was insanely off. I stumbled and almost fell over, then crawling over to my toilet and sitting cross-legged in front of it, cursing it for being so tall and not being usable with me in that sitting position because it was the only position I could think of at the moment. The visuals at this point were not as noticeable because I was looking around too fast to settle on something, and frankly was concerned with my survival more than the trip. I knew in the back of my head that no one has ever died from LSD itself, and so as long as I maintained some small measure of control and didn’t fling myself out a window or something I would be fine. It certainly didn’t feel that way though, I felt violently ill and my mind kept going back to how the current trip must compare to ergot poisoning. I kept trying to put on music to calm myself but it seemed loud and like it would alert my roommates that something was wrong with me so I kept turning it up then down, the mouse making ridiculously long trails on my computer screen. None of my usually fully memorized favorite songs and album titles made any sense, and I kept going in circles on iTunes trying to find something, all the while becoming more and more disoriented and frightened. I kept picturing paramedics bursting in my room and shoving tubes down my nose, and my parents crying and standing over my hospital bedside. A part of me said “no, I’m not going to let that happen.” Ironically my unstable window shades took this opportunity to come crashing off the wall and knock everything off my desk, making me trip over them in the process. Landing on my bed with low music playing, I laid there, trying to calm down and think what to do next to help myself. These strange sequences of action kept entering my head, like “ok turn down the music. Now lay on the ground. Ok now pull out phone. Now try to find headphones.” These very mundane actions helped me feel centered and not so totally freaked out. I fully expected either my roommates, the police, or EMTs to bust in my room any second. I kept thinking I was going to die, even knowing about the toxicity of LSD, and my mind kept flashing to what the last thing was I wanted to say to God to rationalize my short life. I stumbled to a notepad and started to write “mom-I love you” then crossed it out as it suddenly seemed completely random and trite. Was this really the last message I wanted to leave the world?  Instead I opted for printing in huge letters “HOLY SHIT” for some reason crossing the T at the bottom and making it look like an I. I was totally fucked up, the carpet was undulating and each object on my floor took on massive significance in what I thought to be the light of my last moments of life. Eventually I passed out on my bed for several hours when my crisis came to a pitch- I shut my eyes and tried to narrow my experience to the smallest amount of stimuli possible, focusing on my breathing. I guess this made me fall asleep because the next thing I remember was waking up around 6:00 pm, knowing the worst was over and thanking God and the spirits of the universe that I was alive and O.K. The trip was far from over, however, and the visuals were still going full force. My whitewashed walls were plastered with thousands of little amoeba shaped blobs each with numerous different bright colors contained within. I remember being stunned at the rainbows that seemed to form a halo around every object. By this time the sun had set, and turning on the lamps in my room sent cascades of crystalline light in all directions. With my totally ridiculous fear of dying past me, I was able to turn on my favorite music (A Japanese producer named Yasutaka Nakata) and enjoy the totally beautiful, ecstatic visuals that slowly died down, coming back briefly in waves until about 11 o’clock.
