I think it was around +2.00 now and I got back to my room and jumped in bed. There were many times throughout this trip I had to coax myself out of a bad trip. It was a very mental trip, I had to face any fears or worries I had ever had with acid or anything else which arose. Luckily, instead of becoming impulsive and letting the paranoia feed, I had researched these worries and knew it would be OK. I was able to think bad thoughts through before indulging in them and bringing on a bad trip. The first fear which arose was when I realised if my parents came in I could not act sober. I would probably not understand a word they were saying, let alone be able to talk with them. It scared me, and I started to feel nauseous, then I realised, they have never came into my room during the night, why would they start now. I felt much better and started listening to music. I saw the album art on the screen changing colours, and becoming extremely 3D the longer I stared at it, it did this all night. It was a psytrance band, so the album was ‘trippy’, I understand why psychedelic art was invented in the 60s  . I remember at one point myiPod and my hand actually shrunk, the bottom half was the size of a matchbox and the top half growing out bigger than normal. The clicker wheel turned cheese yellow. Another time my iPod actually started to melt away in my hand and I could feel it melt. Now as I was lying in bed, I had no idea what was going on. I was losing touch with reality at light speed, yet the clock was moving so damn slow. I thought two tabs might have been too much, because at the rate I was watching myself go up compared to time was scary. After about 10 minutes of deep thought (it's very hard to focus on anything whilst on acid), I realised the come up on acid was about 2-3 hours long, so realised I probably had another hour of going up. At this point I completely lost all familiarity with myself and my surroundings. Everything became amazingly foreign. This was the most frightening and confusing part of my experience. It would have been around +2.30, and I kept forgetting where I was, who I was, falling into these deep mind traps then jumping out of them for a split second just to touch with reality one last time.
