I began to pace back and forth in my room, becoming increasingly paranoid.  Suddenly I was hit with a huge wave of nausea.  I fumbled for my trashcan and collapsed on my futon, heaving a few times into it and producing thick vomit.  My roommate laughed and said, “Ohhh shit! Son you’re going ham!”  I lay on my futon like a sick dog for a while as paranoia swelled in my brain.  “This can’t be happening,” I said in disbelief.  “My life is over.  I’ve already been written up for weed once, I’m gonna get expelled! No no no no no!”  I got up and started pacing around again, practically psychotic with the fear that the police and RA’s were coming to get me.  “We gotta throw everything out the window!” I looked around my room to see that everything seemed incriminating; beer pong cups everywhere, my weed, scale, grinder.. I tried stuffing one of the beer pong cups we used for our shroom concoction into a small bag, which actually was pretty humorous at the time considering the futility of my efforts.  My roommate laughed and said to me that it was all in my head and that I was just tripping on shrooms.  It seemed all too real to me, however. My roommate laughed and said to me that it was all in my head and that I was just tripping on shrooms.  It seemed all too real to me, however.  “Fuck. We’re asleep we’re asleep we’re asleep. Lights out. You can’t come in.  They can’t come in if the lights are off.” I said partially to myself as I turned off the lights in my room and curled into the fetal position on my futon.  My visual hallucinations reached an incomprehensible peak as my mind filled in the blanks in the darkness.  I intermittently got up and paced around frantically to the amusement of my roommate, scared to death that I was somehow going to get kicked out of school.   He suggested to me that I should just relax and let it happen, and that it’s all in my mind (by it he meant my trip).  I, however, perceived this “it” to mean my imminent arrest and expulsion.  I told him that I couldn’t let this just happen.  He repeated that it was all in my mind, and for a moment in the darkness I believed that I could control the outcome of the situation with my mind.  I believed that if I focused hard enough, I could prevent anyone from coming in the room.  This feeling was capricious, however, and I succumbed to fear as I lay on my futon.  I could have sworn I heard sirens outside as my identity began to fluctuate once again.  
