I had no concept of time I thought I had been tripping for days. I forgot what happend after that. The thing I remember is dorian pulling me up to my feet. I also wanted to get up but was unable to help the effort. I still couldent talk. I couldent remeber how too. Eventually I was on my feet stumbling. I remember looking at dorian and how his face just amazed me for some reason so I went in for a closer look. I got my face right up into his and just looked at his face from every angle. After that I no longer wanted to stand so I laid on the ground. I once again passed out or something cause I dont remeber what happend. The next thing I knew dorian was on the phone with someone. I wanted to ask who he was talking to but I couldent talk.In my head I'm thinking 'mabye I am actually dead.' I thought he was an idiot cause he was talking to someone while he was tripping. Then I actually listened to his conversation. I remember him saying things like 'I dunno he just WONT talk to me. I dunno he is just looking around the room.' I realized he was talking about me, but to who? Then he gave me the phone saying its 'matt' I couldn't think of a matt off the top of my head. I picked up the phone and said 'hello?' I'm thinking 'OMG I TALKED!' he said 'Whats up I just got a new video game dude!' I didnt recognize the voice and I really couldn't put the words together to get the meaning. So I dropped my phone to the ground. I once again blacked out or something. I awoke on his floor wondering what the hell just happened. My thoughts were jumbled and I tried to figure out what was going on. I came up with the explanation 'This room is all that exists. Nothing else exists. It is just me and dorian and this room.' At the time, it seemed very logical. I Thought we had been tripping for days. I looked around for awhile tripping out on the stupidist shit. I blacked out again. When I awoke I was in his bowl shaped chair. Scooby Doo was on the tv so I watched it. Unable to comprehend what was happening I stopped watching. I just stared at things. They moved and changed colors so it was interesting.
