I started to talk to myself, specifically I don't remember what but I can't imagine what it was because the next thing I knew, I started to have a bad trip. Thoughts of death entered my mind, and my mind went into a loop. Thoughts of life lead to thoughts of death. Thoughts of death led to thoughts of being alone in the world. These thoughts led to me thinking 'wow, I'm alone in the world, if I die right now, nobody can save me, not my mother, not my friends, nobody. I'm all alone.' These thoughts then went back to life, and so the loop continued. These thoughts were flowing rapidly through my mind. The whole loop lasted about 30 seconds before the loop started again, so you can imagine how fast these thoughts went through my mind. (these thoughts were obviously a lot deeper then I just described them but they were very intricate and confusing.) At this time a friend walked in, and I asked him not to leave. I tried to explain to him what was going on, but I couldn't find the words to explain it. All I could get out was 'I'm going to die, I'm going to die.' This obviously freaked him out. (This person by the way was a sitter, someone who had never tried mushrooms.) He immediately called others in to try to comfort me, but nobody could help me. At some point I went outside  (it was now quite late as the sun was starting to set. We didn't actually get the mushrooms until about 2, taking them at about 4) When I went outside, my friends told me that they needed to go somewhere, and I insisted that I come, I had to get out of the house and go somewhere. The car ride was quite fun, but the thoughts still looped in my mind. Upon arriving back at the house I immediately went back to the computer room where I had been experiencing these negative effects and got under a blanket because I was freezing. I kept telling my friends 'Don't call my mom. Wait... maybe you should. I'm scared, I'm going to die. WAIT NO!!! DON'T CALL THEM!!! Wait... maybe you should. NO!!' and this went on for roughly 5 minutes. Suddenly I snapped out of it, I stood up, walked outside, and lit a cigarette, once again breaking it.
