My plan for the shrooms was to take a high dose and meditate, and I was looking forward to it.  What happened was I was readying myself for it.  I hadn’t eaten the entire day so that I wouldn’t experience too much nausea and the effects would kick in sooner.  I was with my friends, preparing to eat the shrooms, while debating on how much to take.  Asia had 4g, R decided to take 7g, and I was debating between 5-7g.  Eventually, I decided 7g, and I knew that it was a dumb idea.  I started feeling the effects within 10 minutes of consuming them.  At that time, the sun was going down, so I went outside to watch, while I waited on the effects to kick in a bit more.  I went and sat down on a chair that was put on a little built in wooden patio.  It was right on the lake, and the sight was beautiful.  The clouds were swaying and distorting, the color of the sunset was reflecting off of everything, and the lake was a shimmering, translucent body of water.  While I was watching, a tiny little dog came over and started barking at me, which didn’t bother me.  But then my neighbor came over to get him and started talking to me, which kind of freaked me out, since I was on 7g of mushrooms and everything was starting to distort.  Luckily, he didn’t stay all too long.  R then came out and joined me, sitting in the chair next to me.  After a few more moments, Asia, Mr. Sober, and M came out to talk.  M is a very good friend of mine, so I was glad that he was there.  The only problem that I have with him is that he’s never done a drug, so he ends up talking to me/acting like I’m dumb.  But, that hopefully won’t be the case sometime soon, going to bring him out in nature with some shrooms so that he can experience the majesty.  But, continuing on, Sober and M went back inside to play Super Smash, leaving me, R, and Asia admiring everything.  I remember Asia then saying, “everything is so trippy here.”  He then went back inside.  At this point, the mosquitoes were coming out and it was getting pretty dark, so we decided to go in as well.  When I stood up, that’s when they really hit me hard.  Everything distorted on me in such a radically different way.  I looked over at R, amazed by what was happening.  He had turned purple, and nothing outside seemed like it was right.  
