I saw my soul’s timeline of manifestations – the path of karmic travels that echoes forever into the past and which streams forever into the future. I saw that while remaining still at the deepest level, I have been and always will be changing my form, like sitting in an eternally still boat on top of an eternally shifting river. And the great driver of this motion, I knew, was the back-and-forth play of yin and yang. I felt how this dynamic tension or friction between up and down, black and white, existence and nonexistence, good and evil, etc., creates the energy that spawns life itself. When reality is in a state of pain, suffering, darkness, or dissatisfaction, a dis-ease will propel it to seek pleasure, joy, light, and satisfaction. But once this is achieved, a new dis-ease, usually boredom, will take its place and propel reality back to where it started. I felt each state and its accompanying emotion fill me, become dissatisfied and move onto the next state of being, only to find itself in the exact same place. I experienced this cycle, the wheel of samsara, turn for what seemed like ages. I soon realized, in fact, that “I” am responsible for both the good and the bad. As Alan Watts would say, “Be careful when you tell yourself you are going to outwit the devil, because who do you think the devil is?” I realized that I am both god and devil, responsible for my own undoing, as it were, because without this perpetual threat of bad, there would be no good. Nothing would have a quality one way or the other. Each has a hand on the steering wheel of the karmic boat, and when one steers one way, the other steers it back. And thus I am always in balance. My mind raced ahead in time, seeing how every pursuit ultimately goes nowhere. I am always here, so what use is it to try going anywhere else? I allowed myself to simply be where I was, where I always had been, and where I always will be, watching this eternal back-and-forth motion. I felt stuck in a way, not sure how to proceed.
