After about 2 or 3 hours from ingestion now, I had finally reached plateau (this is an estimate, because I had absolutely no sense of time by then), I have tried to remain objective in my description of this experience so far, so if the following account seems completely subjective or ridiculous, forgive me. It felt as objectively “real” as the reality we are experiencing now, so I will describe it as such….Over the next hour or so, my ego was finally vanquished and the anxious tension that had welled up inside me transmuted into a blissful ecstasy. I remembered who I am. Who we are. I/We (because there really isn’t a difference) remembered that we are the ground of being. Some call it God, Tao, Atman, but it really doesn’t matter what you call it. It is the eternal awareness that resides in everything. I (again, this pronoun is just a placeholder; the sense of “I” encompassed everything in the field of my awareness) became aware that I am an eternal being playing roles and games in all the manifestations of life, from minerals, plants, animals, cities, cars, humans, and every other element that comprises my life. In fact, everything that I had typically considered “other” or the “environment” is a direct reflection of my internal consciousness. When my consciousness focuses on any particular theme, motif, idea, goal, or attitude, no less than the entire universe follows suit. If I focus on war, the world will focus on war. If I focus on peace and love, the world will focus on peace and love. I remembered certain events that had occurred in the days or weeks preceding my awakening, and I realized that they manifested as a direct result of my consciously (or subconsciously) directed attention at them. For example, my reading and commenting on a Reddit post about someone desperate to escape nihilism a few days prior was the result of my own subconscious mind trying to engage with my conscious one. Whether or not there was an actual, “separate” person behind that internet post is irrelevant. The fact that it occurred in my consciousness was a result of my own doing; “I” conjured it into existence. I realized that “I” am everything, experiencing itself from the vantage point of pure conscious awareness, which is the same everywhere. I am simply an infinite and continuous energy, flowing through and directing every manifestation of physical reality. I was no longer under the illusion that I only reside inside a human body, or that I have a particular identity. Suddenly everything made sense. My mind raced through its memories of events and ideas, connecting them together and understanding that they all emanated from the same source. Ideas, attitudes, and platitudes like “it’s just a people thing” (a quote from Joe Rogan about vegans, lol…), “always was, always will be,” “that’s just how it is,” and countless others bounced around my consciousness, clearly carrying the exact same sentiment – a sentiment that embodied the deepest truth of reality, that there is only a single, united energy in the universe. I also realized that past events are caused equally as much by present and future events as the other way around. Everything derives from this moment, because there is literally nothing else.
