Somewhere during all of this, I became acutely aware of how the energy of my heart, my embodied, non-cognitive awareness, flowed seamlessly with the energy of my greater reality, just like how I previously described the sounds of my environment correlating with my internal perceptions. This time, though, I could feel intensely how the living beings around me, especially plants, insects, and animals, responded to my energy. When I felt uptight, anxious, or apprehensive, the other beings would be repelled from me. Often, this was also accompanied by the dog barks and loud construction noises I described before. A general sense of anger, fear, and disintegration dominated the ether when I resisted a particular urge or flow of energy. When I finally let go and allowed them to go where they wanted, suddenly the entire energetic atmosphere shifted, and the living beings (especially the trees) in my environment reached out and connected with me, rejoicing in a deep harmony that nourished everything. “This is how we must live with the planet,” I thought, “in total trust and acceptance of whatever expresses itself.” At one point, I allowed myself to let go so deeply into this harmonic energy that an incredibly powerful and magnetic force seemed to coalesce around me. Strong winds swept through the yard, creating a loud din of leaf and branch rustling, and several animals, including birds, squirrels, and tiny insects gathered towards me in mesmerized curiosity. I was lying on my back, and turning my head to one side, I saw a family of squirrels running around me. One of them stood about fifteen feet away, staring straight into my soul, and I into his…I kid you not…he looked like a little kid who wanted to play with me. It was probably the most magical thing I have ever experienced. When I would look up into the trees during these moments, the foliage seemed alive, green, and flourishing. And when I resisted out of fear or anxiety, I saw them as old, sickly, and dying. I swear I saw green leaves where there had once been dead branches, as one mode of awareness shifted to the other. “It’s all a matter of perspective!” I thought once again. I realized that he idea of parallel universes as well as the Heisenberg uncertainty principle echoed fundamental truths of consciousness.
