And that is when I got stuck in the time loop. In my head I once again heard Dave’s words “Did you hear the guy that was caught tripping by channel 2 news?” And then the spirit of the mushroom showed me something that completely blew my mind. The person who had gotten caught by channel 2 news was ME! Although it hadn’t happened to me yet, I knew that I was the person they were talking about. It hadn’t happened yet but it would by the end of the night. I was probably going to wander outside and get lost. Somehow I was going to be caught by the channel 2 news. I was seeing what would happen. People would be filming me, laughing while I wandered around completely disoriented. But they weren’t mad that I was on drugs; they just found it humorous that I was tripping so hard. All those people had the same crazy grin on their face too. I knew that it was bad to be caught tripping, but it I knew I wouldn’t get in trouble because “Cops don’t even care”. Then the mushroom showed me the news clip that would be showed on the news of me. In the clip I was wandering around completely disoriented, but the news wasn’t making a big deal over how a horrible drug epidemic is taking over the town. Instead they just laughed happily. They didn’t even give out my identity or show my face. That’s because I was in this new, magical world now, where everybody seemed to be intoxicated by the magic in the air. Then the mushrooms showed me Dave sitting in his house watching this story on TV, except he didn’t know that it was me who had been caught tripping because the news hadn’t released my identity. He then came to Adam’s later that day. I ended up taking Shrooms at Adam’s and while I was Shrooming Dave said “Did you hear about the guy who was caught tripping by channel 2 news?”. And so I was stuck in some strange sort of time loop. It all came back to itself in some sort of strange circle, but even though it hadn’t happened yet, I knew that I was the one who was going to be caught by channel 2 news. 
