For the next 15 minutes we tossed a ball to each other while I was struggling with the physical symptoms I was having. I was starting to get scared. I was getting a nausea and I couldn't tell whether I was hot or cold. Although confused, ramon had had just as much as me and was fine, so I ruled out possible death and instantly felt better. I sat down and had a cigarette and stared at the vibrant colours around me. Shortly after this we decided to go inside, from this point on, my memories get hazy but I will tell you what I do remember. In ramon's room we stood and tried to comprehend what was going on, the comfortable warmth of the afternoon reminded me that everything was okay, but then again, I think it was the shrooms. Ramon was getting more and more eccentric by the minute, while I refused to let myself go wild on a drug hazed adventure. We started having seven different conversations simultaneously. How? I do not know.  We developed a close relationship with a lightbulb Ramon had taken out of a nearby lamp and nurtured it as if it were an abandoned child we had found. And suddenly everything was hilarious, I couldn't find something in ramon's room that wasn't worth laughing at. I would look at the carpet and notice all the strands of fibre swirling, I would look at the walls and notice them breathing, I would stare at an inanimate object and could not distinguish it's true size. Ramon was facinated with the carpet, he claimed he could see aztec patterns in it and then proceeded to interrogate me about it's inner most workings. 'WHAT IS CARPET MADE OF?' he demanded of me, 'I don't know man, I don't know!'  I replied and sank back ino my chair. After this we yelled 'RELAX!' at each other a few times and then we both settled down and had a laugh. We listened to A band called 'Animal collective' and tripped-the-fuck-out. Anyone who likes psychadellics should listen to them. Their shamanistic grace is second to none. Ramon complained about a hole in his wall and then donned a bicardi breezer hat/visor thing, not unlike what Hunter Thompson would have worn and chewed happily on a thin paintbrush while he tried to fill in this apparent hole in his wall with a pencil.
