At this point, some of my friends called their parents and were wishing them a happy new year, which I thought may have been a bad idea, but it wasn't too bad. One of my friends seemed to talk a little too much to his mom, which has happened to me before. I become very social, whereas usually I may keep the conversation short and end it. He became paranoid and thought his mom would think he was drunk, and his car was at my house. He ended up getting a ride home, which was good. I knew that the kids who had to go to their parents house wouldn't really get into trouble, as drinking was expected for New Years Eve, and mushrooms can come off as being highly drunk once you get your sanity back. The two guys were pretty bummed about their girlfriends, and I think their girlfriends were too drunk to come drive out to my house anyways. We spent the time from 12:00am to 1:45am slowly coming down and talking about our experience, and how the peak was totally nuts. Everyone was mentally and emotionally drained at this point, and I just wanted to lay back and do something simple. We all looked pretty malnourished, as we didn't really eat or drink the entire trip, as it's fairly impossible. My hands felt very strange and clammy, and my lips were chapped. I think we all got some blisters on our hands right after, or during the peak. They went away though, I'm not sure if that's normal with mushrooms or if it was a hallucination. I couldn't shake anyone's hands or anything because of it, and I decided to just wear a pair of gloves, which made it much better. Eventually, most of my friends left and one stayed to spend the night. We talked a bit about what just happened, and were still tripping steady, although we had our minds intact. We decided to smoke the last joint of the night, and listen to some more Animal Collective with the visualizer. Again, we were coming back similar to how we felt right after the peak, and were in awe of the music and visuals. After a few tracks, we got tired, and put in a DVD of Stella, which we both enjoy very much. We watched that for a bit, and then finally fell asleep around 5am. 
