I laid down in the grass, partly out of choice, and partly because the mushrooms were pressing my body down into the ground. I felt like I was part of the earth. An extension of it. I was one with the blades of grass. This was SO COMFORTABLE! And, then I got a treat. The Northern Lights were out, and they were dancing overhead. Not like I'd seen them before. Entire waves of colour would wash over the whole sky, mix with each other, and splash down toward me. I tried to grab them, and smiled, realizing that I couldn't. This was purely for my observation. I told Bev about it, and he laid down too. Wow! The waves started making sounds as they skidded across the sky. They rippled, as if someone had thrown a stone at them. WOW! The sounds got more pronounced, and I eventually realized that they were coming from the speakers. I sat back up. There was a man dressed in a white sheet standing on stage. Beside him was an Arab/Asian/Caribbean-looking man (I couldn't figure out his nationality), also dressed in white. And then....BOOM! A bass note so thick it could drown a fish. And another. This got Bev to sit up. The sound was so heavy, it nearly pushed me backward. The screen lit up all of Pope's Hill for a split second, and then went dark. Nothing for a few seconds.....and then another loud bass hit. Immediately following this (and in fact stemming from it) was a single atmospheric note which resonated and changed pitch. As this note droned on into the endless night, a very loud bass note ripped through us all. The screen lit up very slowly to display plumes of smoke. The smoke slowly dissipated and behind it was revealed a shamanic-looking man dressed in a long red and purple coat draped with leaves. He was blowing the smoke at the screen. He was in the middle of the rainforest. The shot turned to another one of him, this time sitting with his legs crossed on a rock near a wooden hut. He began to speak in a language unknown to probably any of us at Pope's Hill. This was subtitled. As he spoke, more single notes transformed into whispy, distant angelic sounds. He was talking about Ayahuasca, which we quickly learned was a hallucinogenic brew made from a number of distinct plants found in the rainforest where he lives. The video went on to show shots of him preparing the brew, and consuming some as he continued to blow smoke at the camera. As his speech tapered off, he faded behind the smoke and the video slowly became a kaleidoscopic entanglement of colour and shape. There was an audible sound from those of us on the hill and at the base. This video transformation, along with the formation of new slow melodic beats and droning chords took everyone by surprise. Nothing could have prepared us for this. There was no warning. And my GOD, how powerful this was under the influence of 4 very hefty grams of psilocybin! Any conversations going on in the crowd were immediately silenced by the beauty that had just been dropped on us. The voice of the shaman periodically came back in, in samples, mixed with the music. This single piece would continue on for the remainder of the set, changing just frequently enough for us all to take in all it had to offer. I looked around me to discover that I was certainly not the only one in tears. There was magic on Pope's Hill. I believe that with every bit of my heart. And then, as if my senses weren't already stimulated enough...
