I see the face of an old Native American in the brown couch.  He reminds me of Ken Kesey’s character Chief Broom in One Flew Over The Cuckoo’s Nest.  I put on some Jazz, Miles Davis' Kind Of Blue, but nobody except me seems to enjoy it.  D puts on some rap that I don't like.  D and R go outside to the yard to talk. C and I stay inside.  I draw a bit in my book and talk to C about shrooming.  In my book I have drawn myself, the face of an eagle, a cube, and a pinecone.  I take out the Silly Putty and C and I play with it.  I change the CD to Phish's Story of the Ghost.  I'm glad that D, C, and R have all taken mushrooms before.  They know what I'm going through.  For me mushrooms are much more introspective than LSD.  I like the body high, visuals, and general feeling of the way they make one trip.  I even like them more than pot, which makes me paranoid.  However the only thing I don't like is the disorienting feeling during the come-up.  I also don't like the fact that I can't really tell when my bladder is full or empty. One minute I will be sweating and the next minute I am cold.  I pick up an oil candle.  I feel like a child discovering a new toy.  I gasp aloud in delight.  It’s made out of hand-blown blue glass.  Right now it’s iridescent like sunlight shining through a sapphire.  There is a clear one that looks like mother of pearl.  On the fabric of my pants there is a grid that is woven on them.  I see it float up and move around.  D and R come inside. D wants to go to the local graveyard.  This thought scares me for a couple of reasons.  D is drunk and I never ride with drunks.  I don’t want to ruin my first trip.  I’m guessing that it’s sometime around 3:30AM and we would have to break into the graveyard.  Plus R told me that there are usually lots of cops around his neighborhood at night.  D decides not to go and I breathe a sigh of relief.  D asks me what I keep writing in my book.  I show everyone what I have written in my book so far.  They all like what I have written.  D says, 'You've got a glowstick? Bust it out.'  I take it out and I am about to break it when R says to wait until we are in his room.  It goes into the freezer.  
