I see the posters bleed, bend, and breathe.  I close my eyes and see some orange swirl-like closed eye visuals.  I also see Mesoamerican Indian patterns in R's rug.  They look like the Mayan calendar.  R shows me the tribal design tattoo that he has drawn and C wants to get on her back.  It is symmetrical and perfect on both sides.  R also shows me the second tattoo he wants to get.  It is a jester with smoke coming out of both eyes.  An ex-tattoo artist at R’s workplace drew it.  During all of this time in R's room I have been busy touching, holding and biting the glowstick.  It feels warm and playable, almost like flesh or warm clay.  We talk about Hunter S. Thompson.  I tell R how 'Hell's Angel's' has lots of speed use in it.  I tell him how Amphetamine was easy to obtain back in the 60's, how it was used in OTC diet pills.  This of course was before it was found out that Amphetamine is 'bad'.  R and I made up a theory that someday they'll find out that something simple like Aspirin is bad for you and we'll all have to buy it on the black market.  R and I talk about our future plans.  R's dog is with us.  R tells me how animals such as dogs and cats can tell when a human is tripping.  He says dogs get freaked out because they are not sure what is going on.  I wish we were at C's house or my house so I could play with a cat.  R and I talk more about our futures.  R and I look at a cotton shirt underneath of the blacklight.  In regular light it is dark green and grey.  However under the blacklight it appears black and white.  R asks me where I purchased it.  I am thinking of the place in my mind and am about to tell him when he finishes the sentence and tells me the exact place I was going to tell him! One more effect I notice are the patterns in the conversations I was having with my friends that night.  We were all on topic and each new topic would branch from the old one.  If this is empathy then MDMA must be pure love. I plan out most of my future.  R and I are pretty much sober so we decide to get some cereal.  I get some Life cereal.  It's more fun to play with the cereal than eat it.  I know that I haven't eaten for more than 6 hours so I force myself to eat a few bites. I love the fact that I can plan out my whole future in the course of 6 hours! This was an excellent first mushroom trip.  I feel as though I have bonded immensely with R, C, and D.  Before this night we were all practically strangers in each other’s lives.  I say a silent prayer thanking God for the creation of these wonderful fungi.  It's no wonder why they are called 'The Flesh of the Gods'.  Two grams is a perfect amount.  The only things I don't like about mushrooms are how they can make one's body temperature change.  I also hated the fact that R could sleep after tripping, but I couldn't.  Next time I trip I want to eat one and a half grams and smoke some weed or inhale some n2o.  I know I saw all the patterns I saw because of knowledge.  I have studied Polynesian, Mesoamerican, and Native American cultures. I also feel as though they have lead me in the right direction for what to do for a job.  As a moderator I love helping out people who are new to tripping and have fears and questions.  
