The come up was quick, as it always is with the lemon tek method. The point of it is to get as much psilocybin in the bloodstream as quickly as possible.  Vivid colors and patterns took over the room and the music became more fantastic and beautiful.  My roommate and I spoke in awe about the amazing body highs we were getting, accompanied by that fluttery feeling in my stomach that I usually get when shrooming. The walls went from becoming shimmering film-like substances (almost like curtains) to disappearing completely, being replaced by a vast void filled with small spherical objects.  They seemed to look like the pegs in the video game we were playing, Peggle.  These spheres turned into eyes as I increasingly felt a spiritual connection to the universe and humankind, a feeling which I’ve gotten since doing shrooms for the first time.  I decided to put some isochronic tones on my iPod speakers to see if they would make us trip harder, and they did.  I felt as if they were attached to me.   The progression of the frequencies made me feel as if I were floating on some sort of sonic ocean, the waves being the ups and downs of the progression.  After this point I began to lose my sense of identity and began feeling as if I’ve lived and died countless lives before; my sense of connection with every other human on earth increased and became very intimate.  I felt not only that I could identify with all of them, but that I WAS all of them. my sense of connection with every other human on earth increased and became very intimate.  I felt not only that I could identify with all of them, but that I WAS all of them.  This feeling seemed to confirm my idea that there is some sort of collective unconsciousness that humans all share, and that our species may really just be one living entity or mind.  I felt as if I had melted into this single mind, bouncing from one consciousness to the next.  One of these lives that I felt I had lived stuck out to me, and I felt for some odd reason as if I were some Indian boy living in some other place or time.  I felt as if I had grown up learning Indian and Hindu customs; although I didn’t actually mentally recall anything I had “grown up learning,” I inexplicably felt Hindu.  It’s the best way I can describe that complex emotion.  That’s when I encountered my female entity/deity for the second time.
