Finally I really wanted something good, so I decided to put on some music, and it was revelatory. My faithful favorite Alice Phoebe Lou- was my inevitable choice, beginning with her more synthy songs I was taken to the moon with beautiful echoing beats and far off vocals, then came her more melancholic peices. I was then brought to face a side of myself I was afraid of, which ended up for the best. I was then brought to face a side of myself I was afraid of, which ended up for the best. But in the time I sat there, listening to here themes of being trapped in society, and the purity of nature, I really did feel trapped. The songs ended and I sat up, repeating 'find the light' many times as I stared at the moon. I wasn't sure if it was too late in my life to find the true light, I couldn't see it, all I could see was despair. It was dark, but through great mental strain and hardship within ten minutes I had pulled myself out, eeking my way slowly through the door, I could see the light at the end of the tunnel. Many things were taking a strong significance. Mainly, themes of God, the universe, our place in the world, our effect on it at a quantum level, and many more themes that I had read through time. I was grateful for my own research that I had done through my life, that all these beautiful ideas where in existence for me to play with and fit together. The quantum significance, or as Tom Brown JR, inspired by Apache philosophy put it, 'the spirit that moves in all things' was truly strong in me at this moment, I felt as a chief and I was grateful. I was grateful for my own Providence, the riteous man within, I could see clearly why I do the things I do, I felt like a shaman. Realising all the gifts I had been given throughout time. As well as understanding that the shroud will cover the light at times, and to be patient, strong. Hell is within, and man is dead, as long as he continues running towards death, for the greatest wisdom is in the birds, who see, with miraculous eyes, that to live with vice, is to kill one's self. 
