I will only discuss things, thoughts, or moments that stood out throughout the show. I remember at one point feeling my breath, body, and brain become a whole entity. The laser show was amusing (at times overwhelming) but for some reason my mind was focused on my sense of self. I looked to my left and to my right and saw my friends enchanted by the images on the screen. I took my glasses off and looked around. Everybody was hypnotized! Even though it was somewhat dark, my vision and perception was crystal clear. I stared at my hands and legs and realized, “I can only experience MySelf”. I breathed deeply and felt my Being (Body, mind, sensations, thoughts) as a self-contained entity. Then, as I was reaching the peak of this realization  and my trip, “Wish You Were Here” started to play and EVERYBODY in the dome started clapping and cheering all at once. I thought this was incredible! What does this mean for free-will? The whole moment was so dynamic and complex, all these individuals, experiencing themselves as different from one another, yet all acting in accordance with each other when certain sounds begin to play. Woah. I then pondered my location and the sense of time. This whole experience felt FLUID. There was FLUIDITY from moment to moment which I could not quite grasp the essence of. Finally, the end of the show was near and they played “High Hopes”. Holy Shit! Every word and noteof this song resonated with me so strongly I remember the world Freezing, then I became the song… All of my senses and consciousness where involved in a deep, full experience of this piece and it’s meaning for me. I will never forget that. The song and show ended, the lights came on, and everyone stood up. I was feeling a confident peacefulness. But I look around, my perception of of reality is one of absolute lucidity and again I am aware everybody is in their own heads, with their focus on different things, with our bodies in different configurations from moment to moment, in different locations, as different viewpoints in space. This thought will be expanded on during the ride home. We walk out of the dome and the whole planetarium reeks of cannabis. I start laughing at how fucking illegal this is as I move amongst another crowd of about 100 people coming in for the next show (Bob Marley was playing ;) ). 
