Then I proceeded to tell everyone about the realization that I had come to. I told them that my experience so far had been terribly liberating and it made me realize my calling and that no matter how much I try to suppress it for whatever personal reasons, I am a performer. I revel in audience appreciation. Everything from the tripping bit, people taking pictures of me, the thrill, rush and pure happiness from performing for an audience was just so telling. I realized that since I was a little kid that was all I had ever been doing. That was my form of personal expression, performing. It was something necessary for me to do. And whatever I had just done was cathartic. I expressed to them that that was all I ever wanted to do but for fear of being judged or fear of familial or society pressures I had to conform to being something else, but I was so happy that the group A, K, L, R accepted that this was my calling and I knew they support me. R was so overwhelmed with emotion and happiness for me and he gave me a hug and then everything else came out. All the rest also revealed emotions and fears and secrets (expect B who was just emitting a dark aura all the while). And we all just started hugging and crying. Then, I got up and asked a table of 5 guys next to us to help us get a group picture of our perfect, loving moment. The dude I passed the camera to had a leg with a wound and when I looked into the wound it felt like his leg was going to be consumed by it...it was very scary so I immediately looked up at his face...and it was fine. And at this time I launched into a long explanation of how much I loved all my friends to these 5 Canadian dudes and they in turn told me their friendships, and then K came along and got me back on focus about how I should be asking them to take a picture. I can't remember what happened, but immediately the energy switched and turned slightly negative, and I felt scared so I found a way to walk away, but the guy still helped us take our picture though.
